text¡§Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration continued through the Mueller FBI operation ; now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump......and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Party apparatus-has been caught using donor Dollars to Collude with Russian Intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent (me). The FBI has no leadership. The Director is protecting the same gang.....that tried to........overthrow the President through an illegal coup.¡¨ (Recommended by previous DOJ) TomFitton JudicialWatch¡§Even Director James Clapper admits that the FBI actions against the Trump Presidential Campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying perhaps FBI Director Christopher Wray will be the next to do so.¡¨ LouDobbsChina is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden or any of the others gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!The ¡§Constitutional Crisis¡¨ is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border.When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia (of course) it was supposed to be over back to work for the people. But the Dems have gone ¡§nuts¡¨ and it has actually gotten worse! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020 or little will get done!Ever since the Mueller Report showed No Collusion ; No Obstruction the Dems have been working overtime to damage me and the Republican Party by issuing over 80 demands for documents and testimonies and with NO REASON. That¡¦s all they want to do - don¡¦t care about anything else!Despite two years and millions of dollars spent the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public. But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started. It is all a big Hoax the biggest in American history!The Democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a ¡§Constitutional Crisis.¡¨ They and their partner the Fake News Media are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible. They are a sad JOKE! We may have the strongest Economy in our history best.......employment numbers ever low taxes ; regulations a rebuilt military ; V.A. many great new judges ; so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation a Witch Hunt a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis ; hopefully guilty people will pay!We are right where we want to be with China. Remember they broke the deal with us ; tried to renegotiate. We will be taking in Tens of Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China. Buyers of product can make it themselves in the USA (ideal) or buy it from non-Tariffed countries.......We will then spend (match or better) the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers (Agriculture) which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT! #MAGAGOPChairwoman: The  effect on the 2020 Senate Map: Chuck Schumer is 0-7 in recruiting Senate challengers!https://t.c¡KGOPChairwoman: Republicans and  are delivering for Americans: *6M new jobs *Unemployment at 3.6% the lowest since¡KWhiteHouse: President  put forward 4 principles to protect American patients from the financial devastation of surprise¡KTomFitton: Schiff knew. Comey knew. Obama knew. Susan Rice knew. Biden knew. Brennan knew. Clapper knew. Peter Strzok kne¡KReally sad! OjzNjhJeHt6Xc1NJnf1ZRichLowry: I know he won¡¦t do this because obviously the political narrative is important to him and people around him but Mueller sh¡KLisaMei62: .KimStrassel discusses what she wrote about in her column today re: how very powerful people in DC are panicking because AG¡KTheRightMelissa: RealCandaceO Yap Candace! No one in their right mind believes the crazy looney toon things coming out of the left. T¡KTheRightMelissa: RealCandaceO Because if they acknowledge the reality that Trump is neither of those things they would be essentially¡KBig attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!NlL3YNhxlyThink of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office I was under a sick ; unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian........Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history and it all turned out to be a total scam a Witch Hunt that yielded No Collusion No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!VP: Under the leadership of Potus Trump our economy is roaring. Businesses large and small have created more than 5.8 million jobs un¡K¡§The Democrats have nothing. Just want to distract from this President. The FBI was not doing its job the State Department was covering things up everyday for Hillary. At the end of the day they¡¦re fearful of what they did and should be fearful. This is a tough.........President who is willing to have the battle and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle and they are going to get to the bottom of it.¡¨ EdRollins  LouDobbs: Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It¡¦s very simple!: I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around fo¡K: ....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy ; employment numbers in U.S. history ; much mo¡KTomFitton: Democratic leaders don't want to talk about the criminal conspiracy their party was involved in related to the illegal spyin¡KGOPChairwoman: An Ohio manufacturing CEO explains that cracking down on China has meant stability and predictability for his business.¡KI was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy ; employment numbers in U.S. history ; much more) and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election 2020 to see if they could get lucky ; have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year....So now the Radical Left Dems don¡¦t talk about Collusion anymore because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion they only want to talk about Obstruction even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side!I won the 2016 Election partially based on no Tax Returns while I am under audit (which I still am) and the voters didn¡¦t care. Now the Radical Left Democrats want to again relitigate this matter. Make it a part of the 2020 Election!Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It¡¦s very simple!ByronYork: If she was part of Russia 2016 campaign operation odd that Mueller wasn't interested...texan_21c: ByronYork She was a¡Knedryun: Love how Comey and Baker trying to get out there ahead of FISA report. But sorry boys. Barr doesn¡¦t give a rip about public o¡KWhiteHouse: Sen. HawleyMO: ¡§Large quantities of drugs are smuggled across the border. Isn¡¦t that right?"Border Patrol Chief: ¡§That i¡Knedryun: Exactly. Fj6UiFWekStheamgreatness: More than 1000 Conservatives Rally at Philly Planned Parenthood Where Unhinged Dem Bullied?Pro-Lifers k5r¡Knedryun: Reminder: this guy is still on Twitter. Laura Loomer is not. The solution is not to ban this anti-Semite. The goal is to have¡KKamVTV: The FBI should be ASHAMED! They used unverified OPPOSITION research to get a FISA warrant to SPY on an American citizen?! They¡Kbrithume: Are Democratic voters really fooled by this show? Jerry Nadler¡¦s strategy clearly aims at provoking a confrontation for polit¡KGeraldoRivera: If you were DonaldJTrumpJr ; had already testified for 30+ hours about same damn singular meeting at #TrumpTower wouldn¡KAriFleischer: Of all the radical ideas in the D primary this may be the most radical. This is a magnet that will make more people ente¡KBradleyByrne: Despite spending millions and countless hours on an investigation that found NOTHING some want to keep this nonsense goi¡KMZanona: .GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy says GOP-led Senate Intelligence Committee was wrong to subpoena Donald Trump Jr.jason_donner: Chuck Grassley: "I think about the time that he [Trump Jr.] spent hours w/our staff ; testimony...everything post the Mue¡KJim_Jordan: Senate Intel subpoenas DonaldJTrumpJr. He¡¦s already testified for 25 hours. But they¡¦re bringing him back based on Micha¡KRepMarkMeadows: Serving a subpoena to Don Trump Jr.¡Xa private citizen who voluntarily testified before 3 Congressional committees for 2¡KSergioGor: Speaking to reporters just now RandPaul calls for an end to the Senate intel investigation. As we¡¦ve heard from senatemajl¡Ktedcruz: The Russia investigation is over. After 2 years of Dem ; media hysteria after millions of dollars after 2800 subpoenas the¡KGovMikeHuckabee: I sure wish Sen Richard Burr was as interested in Biden's cushy deals w/ Ukraine ; China while VP than he is in the ha¡KRepPeteKing: Hard to justify Senate subpoena of DonaldJTrumpJr. After two years of investigations by Mueller Senate ; House as well a¡KThomTillis: Case closed! The Mueller Report has cleared DonaldJTrumpJr  and the dems are now making this all about politics. Let¡¦s mov¡Kdbongino: "I think it¡¦s all about trying to destroy Bill Barr because Democrats are nervous he¡¦s going to get to the bottom of everythi¡KGOPChairwoman: While  is standing up to China¡¦s unfair trade practices Joe Biden says they are not ¡§competition for us¡KJeffLandry: It's very concerning a U.S. Senate Committee would subpoena DonaldJTrumpJr after he already testified for hours before a S¡KBreitbartNews: .tedcruz joins the ranks of Republican lawmakers criticizing Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) for keeping the Collusion Hoax al¡KGOP: ¡§This is crazy... China not being a threat? [Biden is] so out of touch.¡¨ -kayleighmcenany wlpYxS7wTSDevinNunes: FBI's Steele story falls apart: False intel and media contacts were flagged before FISA | ?jsolomonReports?  ¡KRealSaavedra: Sean Hannity slams SenatorBurr: ¡§Are you a collusion truther? How many times do you want Donald Trump Jr. and other peop¡KLindseyGrahamSC: When it comes to China they will never change their behavior until someone stands up to them.  I¡¦m proud of President¡KRealSaavedra: .RudyGiuliani goes off on Republican SenatorBurr for continuing to issue subpoenas after senatemajldr Mitch McConnell¡KKimStrassel: This is a very important story.  G4w2LDXEm8hughhewitt: I don't know have never met or spoken w/ DonaldJTrumpJr but his being subpoenaed by Senate Intel AFTER SC report finds n¡Kthehill: Mike Huckabee: "Did senators forget that Trump Jr. answered the questions already?" via TheHillOpinion sL00Z17A3¡KTomFitton: .SenatorBurr harasses DonaldJTrumpJr with another subpoena while excusing unprecedented corruption targeting realDonaldTr¡KDonaldJTrumpJr: Because his family is on their payroll... 73nygpO6k2GovMikeHuckabee: If Sen Burr didn't get enough flesh out of DonaldJTrumpJr in the 1st 29 hrs of hammering then hold him back a grade¡KJim_Jordan: Bill Barr used two frightening terms when he testified in front of the Senate last month:-Unauthorized surveillance-Poli¡K: Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!kimguilfoyle: Nolte: Trump's Job Approval Booms to Highest Mark Since Inauguration QtySKQ9OrP via BreitbartNewsTommyHicksGOP: For years China has engaged in unfair trade practices. While the US-China relationship is important  i¡Krobbystarbuck: Why is this not the #1 news on every major news outlet tonight? President Trump¡¦s Admin secured a historic donation of H¡KLindseyGrahamSC: Will stand behind President  and his team as he insists on a  great deal with China.  It¡¦s our last¡KLindseyGrahamSC:  When it comes to China we must be willing to accept short term pain for long term gain. Stick to y¡KGOPChairwoman: We've added 6 MILLION jobs since ¡¦s election unemployment is at record lows ; wages are on the rise.O¡KRudyGiuliani: The evidence is mounting that Comey deceived the FISA court concerning the Steele dossier. State did a quick verification¡Kjohncatsjr: Trump Economy vs Obama EconomyManufacturing jobs created:Trump: 470000Obama: -206000Under Obama unemployment decli¡KRealSaavedra: BREAKING: The father of one of the STEM School Highlands Ranch shooters was a *criminal illegal alien from Mexico* who wa¡KDonaldJTrumpJr: Very proud to have a President do what what he said he was going to do. For decades now  has been signa¡KTomFitton: ICYMI: Mueller Report Was A Political Tool To Attack President  cSuMc56cni via JudicialWatch ¡KTomFitton: DNC Worked With Russian Intel to Overthrow President . THIS is why we have the abusive contempt attack on AG¡KTomFitton: List of Hillary's spies. Deep State DOJ redacted Bruce Ohr's list of "intermediaries" used by Obama-Clinton-DNC's Fusion GPS¡KRMConservative: Today's show: Congress Believes Everything is a Disaster and Emergency Except for the Border 678oIdCKJxTomFitton: A federal court granted JudicialWatch discovery on Clinton emails because the court wanted answers about the cover-up. And¡KTomFitton: Of course there's a #NationalEmergency on the border.  is absolutely right about the border crisis and shou¡KTomFitton: FBI Official: Barack Obama's White House Was A "Repository" For Hillary Clinton's Emails - JudicialWatch 8bONh¡KTomFitton: Coming up! bOwV0Gs262hughhewitt: The Mueller probe has concluded after vast effort that there was no collusion. Senate Intel subpoena to DonaldJTrumpJr s¡KTomFitton: BREAKING: New emails show Obama WH orchestrated Clinton email coverup; Illegal spying on  biggest corruption¡KSenThomTillis: I agree with Leader McConnell: this case is closed. The Mueller Report cleared DonaldJTrumpJr and he¡¦s already spent 27¡KSenThomTillis: Please watch and share this testimony from Carla Provost USBPChief Chief of the US Border Patrol about the ongoing cr¡KPoliti_Chatter:  Today Twitter crossed the line ; Suspended the Conservative run WeSupport45 account without explanati¡KTomFitton: SPYGATE CRIMES: Nadler abuse targeting AG Barr and  designed to distract from the fact that the DNC/Dem Part¡KGOPChairwoman: The  re-election campaign has reported more female donors than any other candidate ¡V and it¡¦s not even c¡K: ....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers far more than China buys now we would have more¡K: Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much e¡KMilitary spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom. On Military Spouse Day we honor our Nation¡¦s military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do! B3NrKc698yOver the course of the past two days the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries. The relationship between President Xi and myself remains a very strong one and conversations........into the future will continue. In the meantime the United States has imposed Tariffs on China which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers. Thank you to all. Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign!¡§We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO particularly around intellectual property.¡¨ Carly Fiorina MariaBartiromoLooks to me like it¡¦s going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!: Republicans must stick together! APrvcjpqOpGreat Consumer Price Index just out. Really good very low inflation! We have a great chance to ¡§really rock!¡¨ Good numbers all around.Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS the greatest anywhere in the World!Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers far more than China buys now we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure Healthcare or anything else. China would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up!Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!The average 401(k) balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466%. Wow!Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration or the Administration of Sleepy Joe who let China get away with ¡§murder!¡¨Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier ; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods ; products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S........The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods ; products a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in we will buy.........agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor ; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!V.P. Mike Pence will be interviewed on foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year for many years on Crazy Trade with China. NO MORE!....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods ; products a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in we will buy.........agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor ; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier ; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers far more than China buys now we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure Healthcare or anything else. China would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up!Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier ; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!....agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor ; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier ; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers far more than China buys now we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure Healthcare or anything else. China would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up!Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods ; products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S...........The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods ; products a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in we will buy.....Republicans must stick together! APrvcjpqOpJames Comey is a disgrace to the FBI ; will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down almost all Republicans ; Democrats thought he should be FIRED but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men ; women who work there!TeamTrump: President Trump is committed to protecting patients and their families from surprise medical bills.Hospitals and insurance¡KWhiteHouse: President  hosted the 2018 World Series Champions the Boston RedSox at the White House! 68f¡KDonaldJTrumpJr: Awesome!!! ?? SOWlOLzRxsGOPChairwoman: Why do Democrats keeping fixating on the same Russia collusion lies?Because they don¡¦t want to admit that:-our econom¡Kseanhannity: HANNITY IS ON LIVE with The Great One MarkLevinShow! We¡¦ll break down the Democrats¡¦ disregard for the rule of law and Hi¡KHouseGOP: D's bill on the floor today has nothing to do w/ pre-existing conditions. But it will prevent states from reducing the pric¡KDanCrenshawTX: We reached a new low in deceitful politics today. The lies about protection for pre-existing conditions continue. Th¡KVP: Great to be at R;J Johnson Farms in  Glyndon Minnesota today! Since the earliest days of our administration POTUS has promised t¡KHouse Republicans should not vote for the BAD DEMOCRAT Disaster Supplemental Bill which hurts our States Farmers ; Border Security. Up for vote tomorrow. We want to do much better than this. All sides keep working and send a good BILL for immediate signing!Today it was my honor to welcome the 2018 World Series Champion Boston RedSox to the WhiteHouse! yHAClpttLMGreat news today: My Administration just secured a historic donation of HIV prevention drugs from Gilead to help expand access to PrEP for the uninsured and those at risk. Will help us achieve our goal of ending the HIV epidemic in America! wux5QasWgWAfter a great rally in Panama City Beach Florida - I am returning to Washington D.C. with SenRickScott and Senator MarcoRubio discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes! KcBoNfEibvMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! gOXXHnHHG5Beautiful evening in Panama City Beach Florida. Thank you! #MAGAlNBM9sED2fBig crowds in Panama City Beach Florida. See everyone in 30 minutes! FoxNews TuckerCarlson SeanHannity 57tngL1W2iJust landed in Panama City Beach Florida for a rally beginning at 8:00 P.M. Eastern. Will be live on FoxNews! #MAGA tuckercarlson seanhannityBig announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those prices¡Xlower them!¡§The reality is with the Tariffs the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China.¡¨ Peter Morici Former Chief Economist USITCGetting ready to leave for one of my favorite places the Florida Panhandle where we¡¦ve given and are giving billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way (they don¡¦t want money to go there) we¡¦re getting it done!Thank you NewtGingrich ; FoxandFriends! GYJ7U2k7nnOur Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.Republicans shouldn¡¦t vote for H.R. 312 a special interest casino Bill backed by Elizabeth (Pocahontas) Warren. It is unfair and doesn¡¦t treat Native Americans equally!....in 3 separate locations creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B your GREAT Governor and Senator Rob Portman. With all the car companies coming back and much more THE USA IS BOOMING!GREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra CEO of General Motors who informed me that subject to a UAW agreement etc. GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $700000000 in Ohio...: Real estate developers in the 1980¡¦s ; 1990¡¦s more than 30 years ago were entitled to massive write offs and depreci¡K: ....you would get it by building or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real¡K: ¡§CASE CLOSED!¡¨ SenateMajLDR TOIatsmu4U¡§This British Spy Christopher Steele tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?¡¨  kilmeade foxandfriends¡§Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion ; people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?¡¨ ainsleyearhardt foxandfriends  TREASONOUS HOAX!Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!¡§Shouldn¡¦t 2015 and 2016 be revealed how Intelligence Agencies FBI tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before?¡¨ SteveForbesCEO MariaBartiromo¡§The real ¡§Obstruction of Justice¡¨ is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General.¡¨ Congressman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). MariaBartiromo....Guess what that¡¦s not going to happen! China has just informed us that they (Vice-Premier) are now coming to the U.S. to make a deal. We¡¦ll see but I am very happy with over $100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U.S. coffers...great for U.S. not good for China!The reason for the China pullback ; attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to ¡§negotiate¡¨ with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats and thereby continue to ripoff the United States (($500 Billion a year)) for years to come....GOPLeader: Democrats and Republicans should be working together to lower the cost of prescription drugs.  What are Democrats doing in¡KTXRandy14: Today I led my Republican colleagues in asking for the #BornAliveAct to be taken up. Dem Leadership again denied our reques¡KGOPLeader: I am grateful to the millions of teachers who put their heart (and countless hours!) into their work. Thank you for your pas¡KReal estate developers in the 1980¡¦s ; 1990¡¦s more than 30 years ago were entitled to massive write offs and depreciation which would if one was actively building show losses and tax losses in almost all cases. Much was non monetary. Sometimes considered ¡§tax shelter¡¨ ..........you would get it by building or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks it was sport. Additionally the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!¡§CASE CLOSED!¡¨ SenateMajLDR TOIatsmu4UMcConnell Backs Trump: Mueller Report Is 'Case Closed' | Breitbart eOWQSJX7lO via BreitbartNewsWhiteHouse: LIVE NOW: President Trump Presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Tiger Woods tqZdiXay5T: Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief 91 Billion Dollars than any State in¡K: ....Alabama Iowa Nebraska Georgia South Carolina North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Pue¡KI am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS after many years of not having any are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work GovKristiNoem and SecBernhardt! #MAGATigerWoods: It¡¦s an incredible privilege to be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Considering the recipients history and what¡KGOPChairwoman: Hillary Clinton is STILL claiming the election was ¡§stolen¡¨ from her. It wasn¡¦t.She had a failed message and complet¡KTeamTrump: BIG NEWS: Nearly HALF of ¡¦s 2020 campaign contributions this year have come from WOMEN donors.#WomenForTru¡KTeamTrump: President  is hard at work for the American people!#ThanksPresidentTrump #MAGA ehPs7iEn1uGOPChairwoman: Ever wonder why the Democrats are so obsessed with Russia?  They want to distract from how strong our economy is under¡KHe wants to impeach because they can¡¦t win election. Sad! oFO6wMVhYt'Forgotten Man' Story: Under Trump Red Counties Economically Thrive eboFUSJH1u via BreitbartNewsCongratulations TigerWoods - you are truly one of a kind! B6YpeLZiloWhiteHouse: On the one year anniversary of FLOTUS' initiative Be Best take a look back at some of the highlights! #BeBest https://t.¡KDemocrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not harsh measures will have to be taken!Today it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chief¡¦s Trophy¡Xfor the second year in a row to the ArmyWP_Football Black Knights. Congratulations once again on your historic victories and keep on making us proud! nGOC4PQn6SCongratulations ArmyWP_Football!jzc35XNLl3Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief 91 Billion Dollars than any State in the history of the U.S. As an example Florida got $12 Billion ; Texas $39 Billion for their monster hurricanes. Now the Democrats are saying NO Relief to..........Alabama Iowa Nebraska Georgia South Carolina North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems don¡¦t want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!Scott Walker is 100% correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very dirty actually like never before. Don¡¦t allow them to get away with what they are doing!The United States has been losing for many years 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry we¡¦re not going to be doing that anymore!¡§Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020.¡¨ OANN  In other words Dems can¡¦t win the election fairly. You can¡¦t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country¡¦s history.....Also there are ¡§No High Crimes ; Misdemeanors¡¨ No Collusion No Conspiracy No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE and that¡¦s what the Dems should be looking at but they won¡¦t. Nevertheless the tables are turning!Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history they have stolen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back..........The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Once again Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100% in its defense of its citizens........To the Gazan people ¡X these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nation¡¦s new ICE Director Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law! #MAGADespite the tremendous success that I have had as President including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history they have stollen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.........The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!GOPChairwoman: Our economy:*263000 jobs in April beating expectations.*5.4M jobs created since  took office.*Un¡KJerryFalwellJr: After the best week ever for  - no obstruction no collusion NYT admits BarackObama did spy on his ca¡KIngrahamAngle: Excellent decision by ! No other president has had the guts to take on the China challenge.  #AmericaNow¡KMariaBartiromo: most important from GeorgePapa19 interview SundayFutures FoxNews was the London Cntr for int'l law reached out to hi¡KGOPChairwoman: Comey¡¦s FBI sent undercover agents to spy on ¡¦s campaign.It¡¦s a stunning revelation of the lengths the¡K¡§This is not Congressional Oversight this is bullying.¡¨ Jason Riley The Wall Street Journal¡§The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque in other words I¡¦m not going to charge this person (there wasn¡¦t even close to being a crime) but I¡¦m going to criticize him on the way out the door. That¡¦s unfortunate because it¡¦s stepping outside of the role.¡¨ Robert RayAfter spending more than $35000000 over a two year period interviewing 500 people using 18 Trump Hating Angry Democrats ; 49 FBI Agents - all culminating in a more than 400 page Report showing NO COLLUSION - why would the Democrats in Congress now need Robert Mueller...........to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime except on the other side (incredibly not covered in the Report) and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!For 10 months China has been paying Tariffs to the USA of 25% on 50 Billion Dollars of High Tech and 10% on 200 Billion Dollars of other goods. These payments are partially responsible for our great economic results. The 10% will go up to 25% on Friday. 325 Billions Dollars........of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed but will be shortly at a rate of 25%. The Tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost mostly borne by China. The Trade Deal with China continues but too slowly as they attempt to renegotiate. No!The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough ; tumble race on a wet and sloppy track actually a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!ericbolling: Hispanic Unemployment hit a record low today! Here¡¦s a clip of a big Special ¡§AMericA¡¨ airing today I chatted with a gro¡KVP: Honored to be with these congregations. POTUS ; I are with you. Our prayers are with you. Your resilience your faith and your co¡KVP: Joined the pastors of  Mt Pleasant Baptist Church St. Mary Baptist Church ; Greater Union Baptist Church at what remains of Mt Pl¡KJudicialWatch: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary¡KJudicialWatch: JW announced that a senior FBI official admitted in writing and under oath that the agency found Clinton email records¡KJudicialWatch: Judicial Watch President TomFitton breaks down a list of lawsuits that Judicial Watch has filed to get to the truth abo¡KJudicialWatch: . retweeted our petition! Right now our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels ; violent c¡KHH41848213: When you look at the continuous incorrect statements by Napolitano over the past 2 years it is fair to ask FNC why they al¡KThe Kentuky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track actually a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!mike_pence: Congratulations to derekbrownutah on becoming Chairman of the UtahGOP! Utah¡¦s economy is on FIRE thanks to the leadership¡KDailyCaller: DOJ Asks Courts To Lighten Up On Qualcomm As It Battles China For 5G Supremacy 6CEMpAwJZFDailyCaller: CNN¡¦s Tapper: Is Trump Not Getting Enough Credit For The Economy? zTWeMmZKF8DailyCaller: Trump Cuts Off States From Skimming Medicaid Payments For Big Labor nWI8A8tomBDailyCaller: April Jobs Report: 263000 Jobs Added Unemployment At 3.6 Percent ham2RwREKAMike has been a fantastic Senator! WKSAfbeARzHow can it be possible that James Woods (and many others) a strong but responsible Conservative Voice is banned from Twitter? Social Media ; Fake News Media together with their partner the Democrat Party have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!Today May 4th - is International Firefighters Day! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others and are grateful to those who continue to do so 24/7/365. We love our great firefighters thank you! #ThankAFirefighter LBSfQRFZ7kIvankaTrump: The last time the unemployment rate was this low we were about to land for the first time on the moon! Happy April #Jobs¡Kanshulblp1996:  JE35yONsryTrumpStudents:  With President Trump leading us America is a BETTER and SAFER place????charliekirk11: BOOM:Despite horrendous media treatment coverage Trump stands at 51% approval rating!They tried to defame himThey¡KWhiteHouse: We're killing it on the economy! ?? hme0eihP9cVery good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on ¡§Russia Collusion.¡¨ The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!Anything in this very interesting world is possible but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea ; will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him ; does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!: So great to watch this! pYoiLjM0pzWhen will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is nytimes washingtonpost CNN MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter ; Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!PrisonPlanet: ¡§Dangerous¡¨.My opinions?Or giving a handful of giant partisan corporations the power to decide who has free speech?¡Kiheartmindy: So James Woods was kicked off Twitter for quoting Ralph Waldo Emerson...but TalbertSwan the racist fake man of God that¡¦¡KLauren_Southern: Lmao at establishment conservatives who think they won¡¦t be labeled the new ¡§dangerous¡¨ / ¡§extremist¡¨ voices when thos¡KJeremyDBoreing: Those suggesting Facebook can ban anyone for any reason because they are a private company do not understand the platfo¡KSharylAttkisson: When did we decide as Americans that it's ok fo govt ; 3d parties to censor/ curate our info? That we cannot be trus¡KSharylAttkisson: When did we quit teaching/understanding that free speech means protecting the distasteful lest we open the door for g¡KPrisonPlanet: The support for me has been incredible. This could actually lead to some genuine change. Keep up the pressure. Don't let¡KEricTrump: Great being with the team at TrumpGolfPhilly! Such an unbelievable course and property! This is truly one of #TomFazios gre¡KSo great to watch this! pYoiLjM0pzThere is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years but I am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars. Badly needed!DevinNunes: Perhaps the best ChuckGrassley clip of all time... aMzUz516Dn¡§They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.¡¨ George Papadopoulos to seanhannityAs the great people of IA IL ; MO continue to confront the devastating flooding know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with IAGovernor GovParsonMO GovPritzker and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding.So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter and Paul Watson banned from Facebook! eHX3Z5CMXbThe wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and we¡¦re looking into. It¡¦s getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America ¡X and we have what¡¦s known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching closely!!The International Association of Firefighters Union is rebelling on their very foolish leader. Perhaps they will vote him out of office. He doesn¡¦t get it! NmaasMxOLE 7tMG5NtvwOWhiteHouse: President Trump welcomed Prime Minister Peter Pellegrini of the Slovak Republic for his first visit in the Oval Office toda¡KFred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime Second Amendment Military Vets and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said long before the Witch Hunt started getting along with Russia China and everyone is a good thing not a bad thing........We discussed Trade Venezuela Ukraine North Korea Nuclear Arms Control and even the ¡§Russian Hoax.¡¨ Very productive talk!We can all agree that AMERICA is now #1. We are the ENVY of the WORLD ¡X and the best is yet to come! Uc81DzHbu2¡§The U.S. Created 263000 Jobs in April Unemployment Fell to Lowest Level Since 1969¡¨ TtQy5yJDkuJOBS JOBS JOBS!¡§Jobs surge in April unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969¡¨ 4DGpumMISfFinally Mainstream Media is getting involved - too ¡§hot¡¨ to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times on front page (finally) ¡§Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign.¡¨ foxandfriends  This is bigger than WATERGATE but the reverse!MariaBartiromo: "I will declassify soon" - POTUS  FoxNews FoxBusinessMariaBartiromo: This will become an imp ; bigger story going into #2020 ?GOPLeader? ?? ?MorningsMaria? ?FoxBusiness?¡KWhiteHouse: President  is fixing American trade to bring our steel and manufacturing jobs back HOME!PjD6¡KWhiteHouse: Happy National Space Day! ?? America is the best in space and President  is making sure no other country¡KOK so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible it¡¦s time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia (of course) and in fact they were rebuffed........at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly ; time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration (Border) Infrastructure much lower drug prices ; much more - and do it now!Thank you working hard! #MAGA jwsb75t0WWProclamation on Days of Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust: l5nVFKI9fr vGPOelEesMCongrats to U_S_Steel for investing $1+ BILLION in America's most INNOVATIVE steel mill. 232 Tariffs make Pennsylvania and USA more prosperous/secure by bringing Steel and Aluminum industries BACK. Tariffs are working. Pittsburgh is again The Steel City. USA Economy is BOOMING! XPXjxli6ucOn this day of prayer we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator. We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty ; we pray that THIS nation ¡V OUR home ¡V these United States ¡V will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace ; the eternal GLORY OF GOD! RtSI3j1GWHAs we unite on this day of prayer we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith ¡V and ensure that ALL of our people can live pray and worship IN PEACE. #NationalDayOfPrayer 1a7zphaE6z....and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. I¡¦ve asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.Steve Moore a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts....ByronYork: I understand the talk about Mueller not deciding on Trump obstruction. But he did decide didn't he? If you're investigated¡Kkenvogel: NEW: The BIDENS are entangled in a Ukrainian corruption scandal:JoeBiden pushed Ukraine to fire a prosecutor seen as corrup¡KRichLowry: NR¡¦s editorial:¡§Not for the first time or we expect the last Bill Barr¡¦s critics are demonstrating their lack of judgme¡KThe Mueller Witch Hunt is completely OVER! SeanHannity bE13T2Kt48The Collusion Delusion is OVER! sRnHoDmzFJI am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom! rtGfjQjc1uS34Q0NY6JuJudicialWatch: JW President TomFitton: ¡§Obama allowed his DOJ ; FBI to spy on . That¡¦s the scandal of our generation ;¡KJudicialWatch: .TomFitton discusses that ¡§Obama Biden Clinton Susan Rice the DNC John Brennan Comey Clapper Kerry McCabe Lor¡KJudicialWatch: JW President TomFitton appeared on ¡§Hannity¡¨ to discuss the Deep State coup effort against  : ¡§The DNC¡KJudicialWatch: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary¡KJudicialWatch: JW announced that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications and payments between the FBI ; f¡KTomFitton: .JudicialWatch FOIA disclosures help lead to criminal referral on Russiagate targeting of . aS¡KTomFitton: BREAKING: Obama knew -- FBI admits it found Clinton Emails in Obama WH! PLUS JudicialWatch is already investigating the inv¡Kmarklevinshow: Audience to CNN adiosJvQy4oTfNjEricTrump: .CNN you might want to rethink your narrative - clearly people don¡¦t like your message. Truly shocking to me that any of yo¡KEricTrump: The Democratic Party has no message accomplishments or leadership so all they do is harass my father ; our family. Congress¡Kmichi83: Barr: Was my letter inaccurate?Mueller: No.Barr: Was the media coverage of my letter inaccurate?Mueller: Yes.aldresser: As a Phoenix firefighter  and member of the IAFF I was surprised and pleased to learn that the only money that goes to feder¡KNO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump) but the bad actions were done by the ¡§other¡¨ side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!Why didn¡¦t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING and had no intention of doing anything!Congress must change the Immigration Laws now Dems won¡¦t act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border! foxandfriends¡§No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still the President¡¦s record is unparalleled.¡¨ LouDobbsGallup Poll: 56% of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002 and up 10 points since 2016.I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman built in 1998 (fairly new) and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one (which also are being built)!¡§The Democrats can¡¦t come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion there was No Conspiracy there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is what¡¦s been going on in our government at the highest levels of the FBI....¡¨ Senator Josh Hawleysaulpavsr: dbongino I cannot wait to vote for the greatest president everScottBepler: dbongino 24 years plus firefighter here; there¡¦s no chance Biden is my choice. #NoMoJoe  Actually no one on the left ha¡KTomLewi86961554: dbongino Im a Firefighter and I¡¦m a YUGE trump supporter! I got banned from the IAFF web.Jrag19601: dbongino The ONLY reason why Joe Biden is able to get into this race is he knows for a fact that the democrat media will ne¡Kproudtexanbrew: dbongino I¡¦m a retired volunteer firefighter and I¡¦d be PISSED if my dues were going to thisBIGGeorgeAZ: dbongino Nope not me either. I¡¦m not voting for crazy Joe. My support is behind  in 2020!gr84u2c: dbongino DebbieB1230 Lousy choiceTheDJDaniel01: dbongino Why would any firefighter of service vote for him?  is the way to go.tedbartley: dbongino As a retired Firefighter I can only speak for my fellow retireesand I can assure you NONE of us support himOR¡KOmastaSkip: dbongino As a retired FF I know that the majority of the rank and file are conservative or moderate and DO NOT support lib¡Kmr36561: dbongino Stick in the eye by union...Trump has worked very hard for our first responders and union members...fighting very ha¡Kkshaferus: dbongino This statement is like so many others¡Xliberal lies. Why would the military or emergency workers support a candidat¡Kharrypeterson_: dbongino It doesn¡¦t matter who they endorse the only person winning in 2020 is President Trump!gIamourizes: dbongino My husband a New York City firefighter for 15 years will be voting Trump 2020 all the way!!RealDanKida: dbongino The Unions have become Corporations representing themselves Our President represents the people. #MAGA realDon¡KflamingoHeels: dbongino Joe Biden is not even his party¡¦s candidate yet. Firemen ?? can¡¦t say they endorse him. He may not even be on b¡KKRobbio: dbongino He used there dues when they  support trumpblinddog007: dbongino I know  the police officers Union is backing Donald Trump...I back the blue #bluelivesmatterfiremanbrawls: dbongino I know a couple in my department. Granted I am in Alabama but most of the firefighters I talk to are voting r¡KJCryptoseed: dbongino Never Supporting a Fireman's Ball again...chrisgogarty: dbongino Add me to your list Dan. I am furious that the board would make such an announcement without even taking the me¡KVanhortonM: dbongino Smoke and mirrors Biden.GWKohn1: dbongino None of the MEN I know are either.Scooter172: dbongino The fire fighters union bosses are endorsing a failure.BradyBbum1957: dbongino When the union backs you but the people in the union don¡¦tmw_canterbury: dbongino This is why more lawsuits are going to presented by union members because of misrepresentation by the top eche¡KSteverefresh: dbongino They will take union dues from trump voters and give to creepy thoughbroncolee70: dbongino KurtSchlichter That¡¦s why I am not in the IFFA. Don¡¦t want my $$$ going to dems23Mcguire: dbongino Not ?????¡ñ?nor my brotherCurtisVincent5: dbongino This firefighter won¡¦t be voting for creepy JoeBidenKimberl40855897: dbongino The rank and file know who has their back and remember no one knows who you vote for !LisaLimaaa: dbongino Shouldn't the fireman have a say?HikeAmerica440: dbongino None that I know of in my home town eitherclintwelborn1: dbongino Happy im not a member of IAFF anymoreJoanWil57769727: dbongino Well there could be a small group of Obama people anyone in his right mind would not support Joe BidenBones_zoom: dbongino He has NO chance.cmd629: dbongino Yea right until they get in the voting booth!JeffNeely11: dbongino No we don't support Crazy Joe!! And our members in our Local are up in arms!wargs8: dbongino Fact!!bobahide: dbongino Not IJeffreyKStewart: dbongino Just the union leadership supports Biden. Members support Trump. This applies to most unions.Daniel4SCBoone: dbongino I bet if someone did a fireman¡¦s poll President Trump would win by a landslide.Korryb: dbongino I certainly won't be voting for this guy!joelle_palombo: dbongino This fire family does NOT support Joe Biden for President. #TRUMP2020????woofeous: dbongino "Over Charging Union Dues Alert". Dan how about Union leadership opening up books to own members since they have s¡Kmscrosswi: dbongino Nowhere have I heard the firefighters were supporting Joe Biden. The leadership of the firefighters union on the¡KQuaglianoJohn: dbongino Roger that....firefighters will vote Trump! The union may not be representing its membership appropriately in¡Kwadar1969: dbongino The union bureaucrats endorse him but the due paying members don¡¦t and they wonder why unions are getting smaller¡KJA_Loans: dbongino Does he know 90% of the Firemen¡¦s retirement is dependent on the US Economy and invested in US Stock? Do not think¡KCwElliott2: dbongino You are correct 100% Dan.  A bunch of us have been talking and this is just the DNC buying and paying for the¡KTGrande7: dbongino All firefighters I work with said No way !!!!!! Fake NewsG4TTO21: dbongino My father is a fireman and his entire firehouse loves Trumpjcoreybates: dbongino ???? This career firefighter will not be voting for any Democrat on the ticket. I will be voting for POTUS again.JimmyMac233: dbongino Agreed Dan. NYC FD inions haven¡¦t made a peep but the known rank and file are Trump guys.mitchraider60: dbongino How any firefighter in NY can support any Dem is disgusting after DiBlasio went to the G2 last year to rip our¡KTheKevinNash61: dbongino None.  We are all pissed about this.  I have withdrawn my support for firePACOrzechEd: dbongino Im a firefighter and im NOT voting for Joe.ro18007212: dbongino I have fire fighter friends and they support Trump.icemanTom: dbongino I¡¦m a firefighter and I don¡¦t endorse Joe Biden   My vote goes to President Donald Trump!!!!dpparadis123: dbongino My neighbor is a fireman and he loves trumpI¡¦ve done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do and I get paid ZERO! Tw0qwTiUD6Today it was my great honor to welcome and host the 2018 NASCAR Cup Series Champion JoeyLogano and Team_Penske to the WhiteHouse! ExCangG6KcIf Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela a full and complete........embargo together with highest-level sanctions will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!CONGRATULATIONS to the 2018 NASCAR Cup Series Champion JoeyLogano! uHGTUVyRICI am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!....up like a rocket if we did some lowering of rates like one point and some quantitative easing. Yes we are doing very well at 3.2% GDP but with our wonderfully low inflation we could be setting major records ; at the same time make our National Debt start to look small!China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates even though inflation is very low and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go.......European countries are not helping at all even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!We have 1800 ISIS Prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100% of the Caliphate in Syria. Decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners....If the Democrats don¡¦t give us the votes to change our weak ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U.S. Mexico one of the most dangerous country¡¦s in the world must eradicate this problem now. Also stop the MARCH to U.S.Pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early 1970s (maybe even better than that) and Sleepy Joe just had his first rally there. Fact is every economic aspect of our Country is the best it has ever been! kWriC0DIuWBaylorWBB: Thank you to  and the WhiteHouse staff for a great experience for the Lady Bears!#SicEm SR7no¡KThe New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon but they haven¡¦t apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis. They have reached the lowest level of ¡§journalism¡¨ and certainly a low point in nytimes history!Bob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller Report is finished with a finding of NO COLLUSION ; NO OBSTRUCTION (based on a review of Report by our highly respected A.G.) the Dems are going around saying ¡§Bob who sorry don¡¦t know the man.¡¨The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats even though the membership wants me. Some things never change!Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesn¡¦t know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history with lowest unemployment EVER a now thriving Steel Industry (that was dead) ; great future!........The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny I¡¦m only here because of Biden ; Obama. They didn¡¦t do the job and now you have Trump who is getting it done - big time!I¡¦ll never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune. But the members love Trump. They look at our record economy tax ; reg cuts military etc. WIN!....People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes even oppression of sorts. They didn¡¦t even put up a fight against SALT - could have won. So much litigation. The NRA should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with (unfair) State!The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A.G. who are illegally using the State¡¦s legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization ; others. It must get its act together quickly stop the internal fighting ; get back to GREATNESS - FAST!I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein Chabad  of Poway where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!Will be interviewed by MariaBartiromo on FoxNews at 10:00 AM. Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws. Will be tough watch!AbeShinzo: ¬Q¤é?­º??½Í¡B4¤H???¤i­¹?¡B???¥»¤é?????¡B????¤j²Î»â?10®É¶¡¥H¤W?¦@?¹L?????¡B¥_´ÂÂA°ÝÃD????¡B??¡BG20¤j¨Á????¡B§ó??¥@¬É±¡¶Õ?¦Ü???¡B???½ÒÃD?????????¸Ü???????????¡C https://¡K....for the more traditional but not very bright Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!The Democratic National Committee sometimes referred to as the DNC is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders........Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme Court and I said NO he has been very hostile! Also asked for pardon for his friend. A good ¡§pal¡¨ of low ratings Shepard Smith.Thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of ¡§Judge¡¨ Andrew Napolitano....Thank you Green Bay Wisconsin! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! chGLxGsPQhBeautiful #TrumpRally tonight in Green Bay Wisconsin with a massive crowd. Thank you for joining me I love you! #MAGA????JRyhOXH7EEJust arrived in Green Bay Wisconsin for a #MAGA Rally. Big crowds - join me at 8:00 P.M. Eastern live on FoxNews!Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement weren¡¦t!Great day with Prime Minister AbeShinzo of Japan. We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects. He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await! ZvyxJ8sIw2Leaving now for Green Bay Wisconsin - BIG CROWD will be there shortly! #MAGAThoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4000 locations across the Country! xvwO9fcu42 y96Y9MBpazWe must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4000 locations across the Country! 09LeIplOsp 5nVH5AT2FwFLOTUS: #TakeBackDay is a reminder to dispose of your unused prescription drugs responsibly! Find your nearest collection center at htt¡KWhiteHouse: Today is National Drug Take Back Day! Find a collection site near you and join the fight against opioid abuse. https://t.co¡KCongratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!THANK YOU NRA! #NRAAM SWkpe1eFhT¡§U.S. Economy Grows 3.2% in Q1 Smashing Expectations¡¨ HltPdlkOD0WhiteHouse: "With God as our witness we swear today that we will defend our rights we will safeguard our freedoms we will uphold our¡KWhiteHouse: ¡§Under my Administration we will never surrender American sovereignty to anyone. We will never allow foreign bureaucrats t¡KSpoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers 3.2% GDP for what is often worst quarter looking good!Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.Just out: Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2% at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The NRA is getting stronger ; stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!Weirdo Tom Steyer who didn¡¦t have the ¡§guts¡¨ or money to run for President is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesn¡¦t mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history ; NO C OR O!¡§President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages many in impossible circumstances have been released in last two years. No money was paid.¡¨ Cheif Hostage Negotiator USA!No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier not two Million Dollars not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages or gave five terroist hostages plus who soon went back to battle for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!I will be interviewed on seanhannity at 9:00 PM.  In 5 minutes - Enjoy!Thank you! #MAGA???? EWjwRlmIveOur Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions. I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do. Nobody deserves it more. THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work! ljy3hZOgfLWhiteHouse: President  and FLOTUS traveled to Atlanta Georgia yesterday for the Rx Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit con¡KLook forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis Indiana tomorrow! 3soeEjsMA3I will be interviewed by seanhannity tonight at 9:00 PM on FoxNews. Enjoy!RepMattGaetz: "The man who killed my son never did a day in prison. Not one day."On January 22nd 2015 Grant Ronnebeck was shot and¡KGOPChairwoman: If Joe Biden wants to keep score:In 8 years Biden ; Obama had a net loss of 193000 manufacturing jobs.In just over¡KGOPChairwoman: Joe Biden literally can¡¦t hide from the economic successes of ¡¦s administration.  Biden chose Pennsylv¡KGOP: Do you want to go back to a bad economy failed foreign policy and more broken promises? TibOT2Bi5lRepAndyBiggsAZ: I¡¦m grateful for my colleagues who accompanied me to the border to view the crisis w/ their own eyes. It¡¦s one thing to¡KRepMattGaetz: Volume 1 of the Mueller Report is based on evidence while Volume 2 seems to rely heavily on the reporting of news outlet¡KRepMarkMeadows: We knew they wouldn¡¦t give up.The collusion delusion fell flat and now reports say House Democrats are preparing to¡Kdcexaminer: "The collusion delusion fell flat." RepMarkMeadows suggests Democrats are too blinded by hatred of  to l¡KRepMarkMeadows: Reminder: Democrats demanding an unredacted Mueller report (exposing even classified info) spent a year attacking mysel¡KJim_Jordan: It¡¦s time to figure out what the Comey Cabal did at the start of the fake ¡§Russia collusion¡¨ investigation.Comey Andy Mc¡KGOPoversight: Democrats are obsessed with . It's time to move on and solve problems for the American people. https://t.¡KJim_Jordan: Peter Strzok told us that he would ¡§love to answer each and every one of [our] questions" once the Mueller investigation co¡KWelcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence long in doubt to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick ; demented ideas. But if you make it I will see you at the Starting Gate!.....Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was ¡§composed¡¨ by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who had unlimited funds and human resources the end result was No Collusion No Obstruction. Amazing!....Mueller was NOT fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what I and many others say was an illegal investigation (there was no crime) headed by a Trump hater who was highly conflicted and a group of 18 VERY ANGRY Democrats. DRAIN THE SWAMP!As has been incorrectly reported by the Fake News Media I never told then White House Counsel Don McGahn to fire Robert Mueller even though I had the legal right to do so. If I wanted to fire Mueller I didn¡¦t need McGahn to do it I could have done it myself. Nevertheless....The Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice. All of our Nation¡¦s children regardless of background deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream! Time to get this done so important!.SenMikeLee of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled ¡§Our Lost Declaration.¡¨ Highly recommended!As ONE UNITED NATION we will work we will pray and we will fight for the day when every family across our land can live in a DRUG FREE AMERICA! #RxSummit2019 FqpHhaafkDToday FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to join thousands of leaders from across the Country for the 2019 Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit (RxSummit) in Atlanta Georgia! #RxSummit2019LfkFisfN22Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is correct the VA is not broken it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice ; Accountability passed. ¡§President Trump deserves a lot of credit.¡¨ Dan Caldwell Concerned Veterans of AmericaRep. Occasio-Cortez is correct the VA is not broken it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice ; Accountability passed. ¡§President Trump deserves a lot of credit.¡¨ Dan Caldwell Concerned Veterans of AmericaI didn¡¦t call Bob Costa of the Washington Post he called me (Returned his call)!  Just more Fake News.....Congress has no time to legislate they only want to continue the Witch Hunt which I have already won. They should start looking at The Criminals who are already very well known to all. This was a Rigged System - WE WILL DRAIN THE SWAMP!No Collusion No Obstruction - there has NEVER been a President who has been more transparent. Millions of pages of documents were given to the Mueller Angry Dems plus I allowed everyone to testify including W.H. counsel. I didn¡¦t have to do this but now they want more.....Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border. So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418000 plus illegal immigrants way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!.....are there no ¡§High Crimes and Misdemeanors¡¨ there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary the Dems the DNC and Dirty Cops - and we caught them in the act! We waited for Mueller and WON so now the Dems look to Congress as last hope!The Mueller Report despite being written by Angry Democrats and Trump Haters and with unlimited money behind it ($35000000) didn¡¦t lay a glove on me. I DID NOTHING WRONG. If the partisan Dems ever tried to Impeach I would first head to the U.S. Supreme Court. Not only......Mexico¡¦s Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending ; returning!A very big Caravan of over 20000 people started up through Mexico. It has been reduced in size by Mexico but is still coming. Mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the Border ; call up the Military. The Coyotes ; Cartels have weapons!The American people deserve to know who is in this Country. Yesterday the Supreme Court took up the Census Citizenship question a really big deal. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!¡§Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign.¡¨ OANN WOW! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out and when it does it will be a beauty!Thanks Rush! FoxNews x8XogwA8VXYou mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and they¡¦re actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!Great meeting this afternoon at the WhiteHouse with Jack from Twitter. Lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform and the world of social media in general. Look forward to keeping an open dialogue! QnZi579eFbI will be in Green Bay Wisconsin this Saturday April 27th at the Resch Center ¡X 7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA BPYK8PF0O8Great golf champion ; friend Ernie Els (TheBig_Easy) has done a tremendous job in assisting those w/ Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn focusing on Education Research Global Outreach Recreation Services Therapy Services ; Adult Services. #NationalAutismAwarenessMonthGreat interview by Jared. Nice to have extraordinarily smart people serving our Country! d6Tgrn4TznKEEP AMERICA GREAT!The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!.....But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasn¡¦t playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more and fairer companies to get out the WORD!¡§The best thing ever to happen to Twitter is Donald Trump.¡¨ MariaBartiromo  So true but they don¡¦t treat me well as a Republican. Very discriminatory hard for people to sign on. Constantly taking people off list. Big complaints from many people. Different names-over 100 M.....¡§Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU currently paying 31%. They¡¦ve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that they¡¦ve been hit with which will rise to 66% in June of 2021.¡¨ MariaBartiromo So unfair to U.S. We will Reciprocate!....Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!Sorry to say but foxandfriends is by far the best of the morning political shows on television. It rightfully has BY FAR the highest  ratings not even close. Morning Psycho (Joe) who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on (free) all the time has nosedived too Angry...In the ¡§old days¡¨ if you were President and you had a good economy you were basically immune from criticism. Remember ¡§It¡¦s the economy stupid.¡¨ Today I have as President perhaps the greatest economy in history...and to the Mainstream Media it means NOTHING. But it will!The Radical Left Democrats together with their leaders in the Fake News Media have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!I will be going to Green Bay Wisconsin for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger ;  better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees ; beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!Paul Krugman of the Fake News New York Times has lost all credibility as has the Times itself with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash Only Record Highs!: PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! G3f6QBNSMa: Thank you MarkLevinShow! #MAGA kff84hFgKPMarshaBlackburn: Here¡¦s what #TaxReform has brought to our country: ?3.2 million new jobs?A bigger paycheck for ~90% of taxpayers?Lo¡KSenKevinCramer: Created under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Opportunity Zones help lift low income Americans out of poverty by encouraging¡KSenCapito: Last year SenatorTimScott and I toured #OpportunityZones in Huntington and saw the incredible potential in these designate¡KGOP: ¡§In the heartland they want legislating not investigating.¡¨ -kayleighmcenany g6GNhJQGFSFLOTUS: Another wonderful Easter Egg roll!  POTUS and I enjoyed meeting everyone!  Thank you to the many volunteers and vendors who wo¡KWhiteHouse: The 2019 Easter Egg Roll is almost here! President  and FLOTUS will welcome guests to the White House fo¡Kreplouiegohmert: What I have accumulated here is absolutely shocking upon the realization that #Mueller's disreputable twisted history¡KRepMarkMeadows: Absolutely devastating to see the news out of Sri Lanka this morning. These were Christians targeted simply for practic¡KRepMarkMeadows: Think about this: we had a President under a constant 2 year investigation for a fabricated collusion conspiracy and y¡KJim_Jordan: ¡§Rep. Jim Jordan on plans to investigate the origins of the Russia collusion investigation¡¨4TraSR2jaMJim_Jordan: Dems holding a conference call today to discuss their next moves now that Mueller announced no collusion and no obstruction¡KGOPoversight: Days since RepCummings promised accountability for #MichaelCohen¡¦s lies: 54 no25hstV69DevinNunes: Carter Page: Mueller Report Shows He's Mr. Clean | National Review  ArJwbs3izoDevinNunes: Victor Davis Hanson: Mueller Probe Could Backfire on Those Who Fabricated Russia-Collusion Narrative - YouTube https://t.co¡KDevinNunes: Byron York: For some Dems breaking up with dossier is hard to do ?ByronYork?  aVdNgcGv4mTomFitton: COUP:  was right -- Mueller witchhunt part of #Spygate abuse begun by Obama DOJ/FBI working with Hillary Cl¡KTomFitton: COUP UPDATE: Who needs to be investigated on #Spygate and other abuses targeting ? Partial list:ObamaBid¡Kdrudgefeed: Woodward: Investigate FBICIA Handling of 'Garbage' Dossier... Py5AwZpRfyTomFitton: UNPRECEDENTED Spying Campaign on : DOJ/FBI/NSA/CIA/State -- "all hands on deck" in Obama administration's go¡KTomFitton: President  Should File a Criminal Complaint with DOJ over Illicit Targeting - JudicialWatch oR¡KTomFitton: Mueller report full of gossip targeting . lPEroontdgTomFitton: COUP Update: Mueller Report vindicates  even as it tries to smear him PLUS new JudicialWatch lawsuits on FB¡KGOPChairwoman: Joe Biden has been losing presidential elections since the 1980s.  2020 will be no different. Biden will have to ans¡KMariaBartiromo: Rep. Ratcliffe: Mueller report proves Donald Trump was telling the truth about collusion dD5kCNBwKl  Sund¡KPRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! G3f6QBNSMaThis should NEVER happen to another President AGAIN! 9fnYIzjKQXJust spoke to LouDobbs. Will be doing a very interesting show tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern on FoxBusiness!Today FLOTUS Melania and I are honored to host the 2019 WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! dKxSefCl7HIsn¡¦t it amazing that the people who were closest to me by far and knew the Campaign better than anyone were never even called to testify before Mueller. The reason is that the 18 Angry Democrats knew they would all say ¡¥NO COLLUSION¡¦ and only very good things!¡§A very exculpatory section of the Mueller Report: NO CONSPIRACY COORDINATION or COLLUSION with the Trump Campaign and the Russians. You can¡¦t be more clear than that!¡¨ GreggJarrett bcFCtD0DRP¡§The Obama Administration did not do itself proud in this.¡¨ ByronYork 6IDI1vEqFVSOUTHERN BORDER CRISIS! LouDobbs 2w3Qt9p8ERSpoke to the Prime Minister of Italy Giuseppe Conte mostly concerning Immigration Taxes Trade and the Economy of both of our countries. Very good call!Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States!Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States.: How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!My friend Herman Cain a truly wonderful man has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. I will respect his wishes. Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country!Congratulations! 1qWbGqCCyjThank you MarkLevinShow! #MAGA kff84hFgKPOnly high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me (No Collusion No Obstruction) so you can¡¦t impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by JohnKerry and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?So true - thanks SteveHiltonx NextRevFNC! 2UK8RgzRQLHow do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States (No Collusion) when it was the ¡§other side¡¨ that illegally created the diversionary ; criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!Jobless claims in the United States have reached their lowest (BEST) level in over 50 years!Despite No Collusion No Obstruction The Radical Left Democrats do not want to go on to Legislate for the good of the people but only to Investigate and waste time. This is costing our Country greatly and will cost the Dems big time in 2020!The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Nothing but a total ¡§hit job¡¨ which should never have been allowed to start in the first place!Do you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed: MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well they got that one right!138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka with more that 600 badly injured in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels. The United States offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of Sri Lanka. We stand ready to help!Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!Heartfelt condolences from the people of the United States to the people of Sri Lanka on the horrible terrorist attacks on churches and hotels that have killed at least 138 million people and badly injured 600 more. We stand ready to help!ByronYork: Lotta stuff in the report. From SecretsBedard: Kushner cleared of seeking Russian money to pay real estate debt. https://t.¡Kseanhannity: Prior Reporting Confirmed That Some FBI Agents Were FED UP With Comey xKVZMVnOQIThank you JesseBWatters and DBongino! aGH4GBzhqhxiMQFztJlVRepDougCollins: This is ridiculous. AG Barr gives Democrats unprecedented accommodations and they refuse them hours after Chairman Nad¡KGood night of television! 8:00 PM WattersWorld  9:00 PM JudgeJeanine with interview of RudyGiuliani followed by Greg G. Honest commentary is always nice!LouDobbs: #DrainTheSwamp - GreggJarrett: No one takes anything Schiff says seriously because he lost all credibility. For 2 years he c¡KMariaBartiromo: Tomorrow #EXCLUSIVE SundayFutures FoxNews #BreakingNews 10am et LindseyGrahamSC RepDougCollinsRepCartwrightRep¡KMariaBartiromo: Happening now: LindseyGrahamSC "we are working on a package to change the immigration laws ; asylum laws. We will intr¡KCheck out MarkLevinShow: Life Liberty ; Levin on FoxNews now (7pm)!If MittRomney spent the same energy fighting Barack Obama as he does fighting Donald Trump he could have won the race (maybe)! p5imhMJqS1marklevinshow: My appearance on Fox ; Friends this morning d8qrERYmeDDanScavino: I am with the President at the Southern White House I have never seen him happier!bCvpOGCD4tIvankaTrump: Wonderful and productive visit to C?te d'Ivoire! #WGDP! ??: zzEsYYOyUpIvankaTrump: Thank you for an incredible trip Ethiopia! ???????? lqE2XLQ25IyoWCQLuxbDThe end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history is No Collusion with Russia (and No Obstruction). Pretty Amazing!United States weekly jobless claims just hit a 50 year low. The economy is doing GREAT!The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. The Russia Hoax is dead!Despite the fact that the Mueller Report should not have been authorized in the first place ; was written as nastily as possible by 13 (18) Angry Democrats who were true Trump Haters including highly conflicted Bob Mueller himself the end result is No Collusion No Obstruction!Wishing a Happy Passover to all those celebrating in America Israel and around the world! h3wgLZ4mxS¡§TRUMP HAS BEEN TOTALLY VINDICATED¡¨ ZjmmVD1T4zseanhannity: Mueller¡¦s Final Report ¡¥Completely Vindicates¡¦ President Trump ?? t97JxHWdjimarklevinshow: More on the phony collusion scam pYwRe1ojNIRepMattGaetz: ¡§You have guys that come through here that do this for a living¡Kthey bring groups across they bring drugs across.¡¨Sher¡KTeamCavuto: .RepMarkMeadows It's a good day for America and it's a good day for the President z2mpJu2JWJTime for Democrats to accept reality 3SyAnkSVlXScottFantasy: jdawsey1 This is why nobody but the DNC circle jerk takes this seriously anymore.  That front page is a disgrace but in¡KThe Washington Post and New York Times are in my opinion two of the most dishonest media outlets around. Truly the Enemy of the People! AG3vccsJvgJudicialWatch: JWPrez TomFitton  Mueller Report Confirms Russia Hoax NEW Deep State Lawsuit John Kerry Colluding w/ Iran? https://t.¡K....big fat waste of time energy and money - $30000000 to be exact. It is now finally time to turn the tables and bring justice to some very sick and dangerous people who have committed very serious crimes perhaps even Spying or Treason. This should never happen again!...agreed to testify it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the ¡§Report¡¨ about me some of which are total bullshit ; only given to make the other person look good (or me to look bad). This was an Illegally Started Hoax that never should have happened a...Statements are made about me by certain people in the Crazy Mueller Report in itself written by 18 Angry Democrat Trump Haters which are fabricated ; totally untrue. Watch out for people that take so-called ¡§notes¡¨ when the notes never existed until needed. Because I never....Kimberley Strassel should get the Pulitzer. She is a treasure (and I don¡¦t know her) who correctly called the Russia Hoax right from the start! Others who were soooo wrong will get the Prize. Fake News! TJJPY5MM6X¡§The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country. They know they lied...Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more. Clapper ; Brennan all lies¡¨ TuckerCarlson¡§If dozens of Federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime and found they couldn¡¦t it would mean there wasn¡¦t any evidence you did it - and that¡¦s what happened here - that¡¦s what we just learned from the Mueller Report.¡¨  TuckerCarlson: It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on TuckerCarlson seanhannity  ; IngrahamAngle Wil¡KWhen there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion (in fact the whole thing was a made up fraud) it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime.¡¨ marthamaccallum  FoxNewsAnything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly the vote was not affected.It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on TuckerCarlson seanhannity  ; IngrahamAngle Will be very interesting!¡§Donald Trump was being framed he fought back. That is not Obstruction.¡¨ JesseBWatters  I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone including Mueller if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didn¡¦t!Today I was thrilled to host the WWP Soldier Ride once again at the WhiteHouse. We were all deeply honored to be in the presence of TRUE AMERICAN HEROES....q6D5875xCwAs I have been saying all along NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! BnMB5mvHAM222atp7wuBNo Collusion - No Obstruction! diggF8V3hlAttorney General William Barr¡¦s Press Conference today at 9:30 AM ET. Watch on FoxNews OANNDanScavino: Nadler (2019) vs. Nadler (1998) IVg7RW3f0FJudicialWatch: On "Hannity" seanhannity discussed some key findings from Judicial Watch in regards to the Clinton cover-up: "We are f¡KJudicialWatch: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary¡KJudicialWatch: JW announced that it uncovered 422 pages of FBI documents showing evidence of ¡§cover up¡¨ discussions related to the Clin¡KJudicialWatch: JW President TomFitton appeared on ¡§Fox and Friends First¡¨ to discuss AG Bill Barr¡¦s testimony and Spygate: They know i¡KJudicialWatch: JW President TomFitton discusses Clinton¡¦s memo: "She signed a memo saying ¡¥due to recent targeting of personal email a¡KJudicialWatch: BREAKING: JW announced today that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications and payments bet¡KPRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats.Nolte: Poll Shows Media Failed to Gaslight Public About Trump Campaign Spying 06OZcBE08b via BreitbartNewsTeam_Mitch: Today we¡¦re officially launching our re-election campaign. Check out our first video below and visit our new website here:¡KWhiteHouse: LIVE NOW: President Trump at the White House Opportunity Zones Conference whaCFJdEiKJust had a wonderful conversation with Pontifex Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did........in my conversation yesterday with President EmmanuelMacron of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws or the Border despite the great job being done by Border Patrol will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!Wow! FBI made 11 payments to Fake Dossier¡¦s discredited author Trump hater Christopher Steele. OANN  JudicialWatch  The Witch Hunt has been a total fraud on your President and the American people! It was brought to you by Dirty Cops Crooked Hillary and the DNC.On Trumps ICC Win Dems and Republicans See Eye to Eye | RealClearPolitics 6S6mP6yH3Acharliekirk11: It is miraculous that Trump not only beat the Bush dynasty 16 Republicans the FBI the media voter fraud cheaters th¡KI believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $600000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS except when it benefits him. They made a fortune off of Trump but so did everyone else - and that¡¦s a good thing not a bad thing!Many Trump Fans ; Signs were outside of the FoxNews Studio last night in the now thriving (Thank you President Trump) Bethlehem Pennsylvania for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. What¡¦s with FoxNews?Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to SenMcSallyAZ for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!No Collusion - No Obstruction! cbFOEEyLtMI will be in Green Bay Wisconsin on Saturday April 27th at the Resch Center ¡X 7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA BPYK8PF0O8So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on FoxNews. Not surprisingly BretBaier and the ¡§audience¡¨ was so smiley and nice. Very strange and now we have donnabrazile?No Collusion - No Obstruction!A must read Andy McCarthy¡¦s column today ¡§Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe.¡¨ The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest which they are not this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!God bless the people of France!The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn¡¦t seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!Spoke to TigerWoods to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterday¡¦s TheMasters ; to inform him that because of his incredible Success ; Comeback in Sports (Golf) and more importantly LIFE I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM!Heading to the Great State of Minnesota!....Since there was no Collusion why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops Dems and Crooked Hillary!The Mueller Report which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters (and Clinton Supporters) should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is never forget the crime.....Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held (Congress must fix the laws and loopholes) will be subject to Homeland Security given to Sanctuary Cities and States!Mark Morgan President Obama¡¦s Border Patrol Chief gave the following message to me: ¡§President Trump stay the course.¡¨ I agree and believe it or not we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!I finally agree with Cher! i5acSgUrCkThe Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN (We will never forget)!Before Nancy who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done decides to defend her leader Rep. Omar she should look at the anti-Semitic anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control except for her control of Nancy!Congress should come back to D.C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!Mueller and the A.G. based on Mueller findings (and great intelligence) have already ruled No Collusion No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary the DNC Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!What do I know about branding maybe nothing (but I did become President!) but if I were Boeing I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX add some additional great features ; REBRAND the plane with a new name.No product has suffered like this one. But again what the hell do I know?KimStrassel: Actually they chose NOT to give give GOP House a lot of what GOP investigators wanted--easily more than 400 pages. It's a¡KWSJ: Opinion: Trump¡¦s adversaries have spent more than two years trying to dodge accountability writes kimstrassel NXW4k¡KChinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good or acceptable! FoxNews SteveHiltonx.SteveHiltonx  ¡§This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best.¡¨ Thank you Steve!Such a ¡§puff piece¡¨ on Nancy Pelosi by 60minutes yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation. All they do is Investigate as it turns out crimes that they instigated ; committed. The Mueller No Collusion decision wasn¡¦t even discussed-and she was a disaster at W.H.Love people who are great under pressure. What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy! 41MtJtYEjqCongratulations to TigerWoods. a truly Great Champion!Watching final hole of TheMasters. TigerWoods is looking GREAT!Great Masters going on right now. TigerWoods is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting tune in!If the Fed had done its job properly which it has not the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10000 additional points and GDP would have been well  over 4% instead of 3%...with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer should have done the exact opposite!Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level especially by the State of California which is well known or its poor management ; high taxes!WhiteHouse: No law that kicks 180 million Americans off their plans is acceptable. While Democrats abandon Obamacare for more socialism¡KDemocrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members Drug Dealers Human Traffickers and Criminals of all shapes sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!....So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently ¡§detained immigrants¡¨ after release due to the ridiculous court ordered 20 day rule. If they don¡¦t want to serve our Nation by taking care of them why should other cities ; towns?I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border) and am not ¡§frustrated.¡¨ It is all Fake ; Corrupt News!....When I won the Election in 2016 the nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election (and me) so badly. They didn¡¦t have a clue it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse really corrupt reporting!The New York Times Sanctuary Cities/Immigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often don¡¦t even exist a fraud. They will lie ; cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone........Great playing by TigerWoods (at the) TheMasters. Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!: WE WILL NEVER FORGET! VxrGFRFeJMWhy should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35000000 (two years in the making) No Collusion Mueller Report when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!....extraordinary growth economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day which could be soon when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for.......In New York State Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!Another Fake Story on NBCNews that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse if that is possible every day!A Fake Story by Politico. Made up sources. Thank you Mount Vernon! Pf60zBy6Swpoliticalelle: How is this woman walking the halls of Congress. How. CrtK7j3wpZdbongino: With the exception of FISA warrants the use of human intelligence assets the use of national security letters ; the unprec¡KFinally great news at the Border! nofzYa2Qs7Finally great news at the Border! nofzYa2Qs7Thank you Jeh so well stated! 4QmP6XrUVAIf the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden don¡¦t want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities (no more open arms) why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!WSJ's Strassel: Barr 'Right' to Say 'Spying' Occurred on Trump Campaign | Breitbart YuC9IX01GF via BreitbartNewstrish_regan: .CLewandowski_ says he is POSITIVE orders to spy on the #Trump campaign during 2016 came from the HIGHEST levels ¡V perhap¡KWE WILL NEVER FORGET! VxrGFRFeJMDue to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws we are indeed as reported giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only........The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders Open Arms policy ¡V so this should make them very happy!Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully we will not be getting any more BAD (outrageous) court decisions!¡§Democrats don¡¦t like the results of the Mueller Report so now they¡¦re trying everything else.¡¨  RepDougCollins  They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating especially on the Border!President Obama¡¦s top White House lawyer Gregory B. Craig was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story but the Fake News New York Times didn¡¦t even put it on page one rather page 16. washingtonpost not much better ¡§tiny¡¨ page one. Corrupt News!¡§I don¡¦t need to know any more. We¡¦re done absolutely done he (Mueller) tried the case. There¡¦s NO COLLUSION.¡¨ LindseyGrahamSC  foxandfriends  No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left it will never be enough!JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!chuckwoolery: President Trump continues to tally up wins for our country as Americans just saw the best income gains in over 50 years.¡KDailyCaller: Every CNN Presidential Town Hall Finished Behind MSNBC And Fox News In Ratings muDZgLT4u7Great heroes! ltiNOcBBeoDailyCaller: Rod Rosenstein Defends Attorney General¡¦s Handling Of Mueller Report qMmzaPYrK4¡§And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win Win and Win again! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A.G. William Barr¡¦s testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign.¡¨ LouDobbs  FoxNewsArthurSchwartz: Wow. tedlieu got a well deserved ass kicking. Shame on you Ted.  R6Yb95EzYXHouse Democrats want to negotiate a $2 TRILLION spending increase but can¡¦t even pass their own plan. We can¡¦t afford it anyway and it¡¦s not happening!Beautiful afternoon in the Oval Office today with a few great American HEROES! HYEI83NVrmBiggest scandal of our time - the coup that failed! MariaBartiromo 7JuifNK79TSPY GAMES: TIME FOR ANSWERS tRw7fb7TysGreat news! #MAGA haZ1HbVpNuToo bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E.U. is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States which will change. Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you!I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!DHSgov: Today CBP Commissioner Kevin McAleenan was sworn-in to lead DHS as the Acting Secretary. The ceremony took place at the new D¡KCONGRATULATIONS to EricTrump and LaraLeaTrump on the great news. So proud!THANK YOU Texas I love you! 24D4K9ILFdJoin me in Crosby Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure! oun56uzi53So it has now been determined by 18 people that truly hate President Trump that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony ; Treasonous Hoax!Spoke to Bibi Netanyahu to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way! OfFI6aKSObTrump flags being waived at the Bibi Netanyahu VICTORY celebration last night! SX8RVAALYWJudicialWatch: Judicial Watch President TomFitton discussed the Trump coup in his Weekly Update: It was all based on this fraudulent d¡KJudicialWatch: BREAKING: JW announced today that it uncovered 422 pages of FBI documents showing evidence of ¡§cover up¡¨ discussions rel¡KEverybody is now acknowledging that right from the time I announced my run for President I was 100% correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!IWV: .POTUS  has "delivered on his promises...He has a background in delivering economically. He's promised to do cert¡KHeyTammyBruce: Trump Job Approval Jumps to 53% - Seven Points Higher Than Obama cv40yIrU2MThe Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!¡§The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia ; that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?¡¨ TuckerCarlson Molly HMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! diXWQHuyGjTHANK YOU WORKING HARD! 3OUESGRw43Check this out - TRUTH! 2HNVeEpKDuToday it was my great honor to welcome President AlsisiOfficial of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the WhiteHouse! yBox7EhToT¡§She (Congresswoman Omar) keeps on assaulting Jews...¡¨ Jeff Ballabon B2 Strategic CEO WMKN9RQm2nOIpp7mL2uD¡§What¡¦s completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews in this case Stephen Miller.¡¨ Jeff Ballabon B2 Strategic CEO.  VarneycoOn National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day we honor the Americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great Nation...dEVfRo5uy7The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!....I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course (slightly) became President and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better to stop the job. He didn¡¦t get either ; the development became VERY successful. Nevertheless....The World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States which will now put Tariffs on $11 Billion of EU products! The EU has taken advantage of the U.S. on trade for many years. It will soon stop!GOPChairwoman: Our economy is on fire. Jobs are up unemployment is at record lows and wages are still rising. But Democrats would¡KWhiteHouse: The newly constructed 30-foot wall in Calexico CA replaces a barrier made of surplus corrugated steel landing mats from t¡KCongratulations to Virginia - Great game!TeamTrump: BIGGER paychecks under President ! ?? GAezgi2RI5A 9th Circuit Judge just ruled that Mexico is too dangerous for migrants. So unfair to the U.S. OUT OF CONTROL! XF8o3jMDleCongratulations to the Baylor Lady Bears on their amazing win last night against Notre Dame to become the 2019 NCAA Women¡¦s Basketball National Champions! cogqxFgnRnThe Democrats will never be satisfied no matter what they get how much they get or how many pages they get. It will never end but that¡¦s the way life goes!Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!cspan: Rep. Jim_Jordan on President Trump's tax returns: "There's no law that says they have to be public."Watch full #Newsmakers in¡KJim_Jordan: Dems want President¡¦s tax returns for purely political purposes!Frightening but shouldn¡¦t surprise us¡Xsame folks used th¡KJim_Jordan: Dem talk:-Abolish ICE-Borderless hemisphere-Walls are immoral-Illegals should vote-Raise taxesPOTUS action:-Regs r¡K¡§Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee.¡¨ KatiePavlich¡§The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened.¡¨ Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened it was a fraud on the American people!....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!More apprehensions (captures)at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders (Crimes ; Drugs). Will Close Southern Border If necessary.......I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner will become Acting Secretary for DHSgov. I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position and I would like to thank her for her service....mike_pence: . is doing his job to SECURE OUR BORDER! CBP is doing their job. It¡¦s time for Congress to do its job and¡Kmike_pence: The last 2 years under  have been 2 years of action ¡V it¡¦s been 2 years of results ¡V ; it¡¦s been 2 years¡KPleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released. God bless them and their families!Looks like Bob Mueller¡¦s team of 13 Trump Haters ; Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt ; dishonest Mainstream Media they are a Joke!....In the meantime the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans (we need their votes) to end the horrible costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!....it¡¦s powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S. and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous ; massive migration we will be focusing on Border Security not Ports of Entry....We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Border¡¦s specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic ; commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use....¡§Give Up Trump-Haters¡¨4wg4BUk9gP 0Bt2jyorMnWhy should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It¡¦s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!To every member of the RJC thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our Country to our safety and to electing MORE REPUBLICANS. Over the next 19 months I know that the RJC will help lead our party to another HISTORIC VICTORY! #TrumpAtRJC P1brsp3PxF.... against something I knew never existed Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous!) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President and Law Enforcement must find out HOW DID IT START?So let¡¦s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition (RJC) meeting in Las Vegas Nevada. See everyone soon! RvNBLMC2nISo let¡¦s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....ABC: NEW: Pres. Trump says he will hold a rally at an undetermined location rather than attend the White House Correspondents' Dinner¡K.....years and $30 million and they found No Collusion No Obstruction. But the Democrats no matter what we give them will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As FrankLuntz has just stated ¡§Enough America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up.¡¨I have not read the Mueller Report yet even though I have every right to do so. Only know the conclusions and on the big one No Collusion. Likewise recommendations made to our great A.G. who found No Obstruction. 13 Angry Trump hating Dems (later brought to 18) given two.....Thank you to two great people! 9VoIV44L9cWhiteHouse: Simply put: Walls work and walls save lives. OyLatl4oyNmarc_lotter: Let me answer that question for you MSNBC - NO!!! 0QYxwKjGJ1WhiteHouse: "There is indeed an emergency on our southern border. It's been loud and clear." TJMJ5bhdDOJesseBWatters: TOMORROW: It¡¦s a star-studded FOX episode of WattersWorld with seanhannity  LouDobbs  and marklevinshow ! What wil¡K¡§Collusion was a Hoax from day one.¡¨ dbongino  foxandfriends¡§The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951 4.1%. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win it is all over.¡¨ Varneyco  foxandfriends  I agree!THANK YOU DHSgov CBP and ICEgov! BzNwKoUJlgWhiteHouse: Thank you to all of the brave men and women of CBP who protect our country each and every day. jpW7B5NK6pVP: The struggle in Venezuela is between dictatorship and democracy and freedom has the momentum. Nicolas Maduro is a dictator with no¡KScavino45: ??Happening Now: President  at the Southern Border with the great men and women who protect our country 24/7¡KCongratulations David a very big deal! ymtI2ueAgAWhiteHouse: Americans will write our own economic destiny. Never believe the pessimists: Pro-growth pro-worker policies work.America¡KJust checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A.Join me in California for a Roundtable on Immigration and Border Security! hLV86lWTtAJust arrived in Calexico California! lTChNxsHj6Will soon be landing in Calexico California to look at a portion of the new WALL being built on our Southern Border. Within two years we will have close to 400 miles built or under construction ; keeping our Country SAFE ¡V not easy when the Dems are always fighting to stop you!The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They can¡¦t stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!¡§America Created 196000 Jobs in March Beating Expectations for 170000¡¨ TQ2LecXgfiI¡¦ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! 3tukVpJpzNHeading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!....This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 10000 Americans die each year sooo many families destroyed!....However if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25% all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesn¡¦t work which it will I will close the Border.......The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico for the first time in decades is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......¡§Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now They¡¦re Inventing A Coverup.¡¨ WSJopinion  James Freeman LouDobbsI am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new SBAgov Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States ¡V and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!.ByronYork: ¡§How bad does border have to be for Democrats to admit it's an emergency?¡¨ 6LOPQQEKtP¡§Conservative support for Trump wall soars to 99 percent¡¨ Tblpox8Nsg¡§Democrats need to help fix the border crisis or get out of Trump¡¦s way¡¨ IlQ8rbjlfgThank you Trish_Regan! 6CyCpHnR6xWELCOME BACK JOE! b2NbBSX3sxThe New York Times had no legitimate sources which would be totally illegal concerning the Mueller Report. In fact they probably had no sources at all! They are a Fake News paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me!There is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy. This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country!According to polling few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or even better an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal!Despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed the Economy is looking very strong the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely there is little or no Inflation and USA optimism is very high!THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE PARTY OF THE AMERICAN DREAM!The First Step Act proves that our Country can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we put politics aside and put the interests of ALL Americans FIRST. dTKubkIBQn kILIFjXglOCongress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the Border! If no action Border or large sections of Border will close. This is a National Emergency!...This will be a great campaign issue. I never asked Mitch McConnell for a vote before the Election as has been incorrectly reported (as usual) in the nytimes but only after the Election when we take back the House etc. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful HealthCare package that some very talented people are now developing for me ; the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better ; less expensive alternative to ObamaCare...Today it was my great honor to welcome NATO Secretary General JensStoltenberg to the WhiteHouse! 4drPHXZBWHToday we celebrate the tremendous accomplishments of Americans with ASD and reaffirm our commitment to work together to ensure that every member of our society is afforded equal opportunities to reach their full potential.#WorldAutismAwarenessDay JQbJ2TGA3P¡§I haven¡¦t seen any Democrats down here at the Border working with us or asking to speak to any of us. They have an open invitation. We are getting overrun our facilities are overcapacity. We are at an emergency crisis.¡¨ Art Del Cueto National Border Patrol Council.jVIodsTNNHAfter many years (decades) Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border mostly from Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U.S. money for years and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us just like the Democrats in Congress!There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!Robert Mueller was a God-like figure to the Democrats until he ruled No Collusion in the long awaited $30000000 Mueller Report. Now the Dems don¡¦t even acknowledge his name have become totally unhinged and would like to go through the whole process again. It won¡¦t happen!World Autism Awareness Day 2019: Significance history and theme via htTweets kRLZoYEIJSIn 1998 Rep.Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Report on Bill Clinton. No information whatsoever would or could be legally released. But with the NO COLLUSION Mueller Report which the Dems hate he wants it all. NOTHING WILL EVER SATISFY THEM! foxandfriends....The best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico is President Donald J. Trump. So many wonderful people but with such bad Island leadership and with so much money wasted. Cannot continue to hurt our Farmers and States with these massive payments and so little appreciation!Puerto Rico got 91 Billion Dollars for the hurricane more money than has ever been gotten for a hurricane before ; all their local politicians do is complain ; ask for more money. The pols are grossly incompetent spend the money foolishly or corruptly ; only take from USA........the crazed and incompetent Mayor of San Juan have done such a poor job  of bringing the Island back to health. 91 Billion Dollars to Puerto Rico and now the Dems want to give them more taking dollars away from our Farmers and so many others. Disgraceful!....are GREAT but the politicians are incompetent or corrupt. Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas ; Florida combined yet their government can¡¦t do anything right the place is a mess - nothing works. FEMA ; the Military worked emergency miracles but politicians like.....The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any ¡§place¡¨ in history. The people of Puerto Rico.........back the House. It will be truly great HealthCare that will work for America. Also Republicans will always support Pre-Existing Conditions. The Republican Party will be known as the Party of Great HealtCare. Meantime the USA is doing better than ever ; is respected again!....are developing a really great HealthCare Plan with far lower premiums (cost) ; deductibles than ObamaCare. In other words it will be far less expensive ; much more usable than ObamaCare. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate ; win......Everybody agrees that ObamaCare doesn¡¦t work. Premiums ; deductibles are far too high - Really bad HealthCare! Even the Dems want to replace it but with Medicare for all which would cause 180 million Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance. The Republicans.....Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdue¡¦s disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report it will never be good enough. Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing!The cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles in many cases way over $7000 make it almost worthless or unusable. Good things are going to happen! SenRickScott  senatemajldr SenJohnBarrasso  SenBillCassidyCan you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question. Report would be meaningless and a waste of the $Billions (ridiculous) that it costs to put together!: Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our¡K: Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion No Obstruction Trump Campaign bega¡KDemocrats working with Republicans in Congress can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released most Democrats and othershave gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over. Others are pretending that their former hero Bob Mueller no longer exists!The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice but not for long!¡§Outrageous it¡¦s the Adam Schiff problem. People abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didn¡¦t prove to be true. You look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival. Who made it?¡¨ James Freeman WSJEverybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion No Obstruction Trump Campaign began. We need to know for future generations to understand. This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again!¡§The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior at no cost to the U.S. or our allies. That¡¦s the definition of a foreign-policy achievement.¡¨ Bret Stephens nytimes  We are getting stronger all over the world watch!Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out ; we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour and then a vote the problem would be solved. But the Dems don¡¦t care about the crime they don¡¦t want any victory for Trump and the Republicans even if good for USA!In honor of his past service to our Country Navy Seal #EddieGallagher will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court. Process should move quickly! foxandfriends RepRalphNormanA huge thanks to HeatherNauert for serving America at the StateDept. Great work! I¡¦m proud to have you join the Fulbright board! oq0ZaA3MIDSo funny that The New York Times ; The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage (100% NEGATIVE and FAKE!) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So they were either duped or corrupt? In any event their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!...The problem is no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get no matter what we give them it will never be enough. Just watch they will Harass ; Complain ; Resist (the theme of their movement). So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO we¡¦ve got a Country to run!Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous to even say!). After more than two years since the ¡§insurance policy¡¨ statement was made by a dirty cop I got the answers I wanted the Truth.....Had the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates especially since there is very little inflation and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening the 3.0% GDP ; Stock Market would have both been much higher ; World Markets would be in a better place!....the Border or large sections of the Border next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do but they just take our money and ¡§talk.¡¨ Besides we lose so much money with them especially when you add in drug trafficking etc.) that the Border closing would be a good thing!....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S. far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesn¡¦t immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border I will be CLOSING.....The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest ; they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW ; Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S....This has been an incredible couple of weeks for AMERICA! bqdB7DFx8POn this Vietnam War Veterans Day we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of America¡¦s Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!Working hard thank you! #MAGA 00hoL0to0uMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Y6UPREMY7u 6r7wdYDf66Massive overflow crowds in Grand Rapids Michigan tonight. Thank you for joining us tonight! #MAGA KQ5hTZAXskBeautiful #MAGARally tonight in Grand Rapids Michigan - thank you I love you! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 3xlMOaaTR5On my way to Grand Rapids Michigan right now. See you all very soon! #MAGA JjGAijXlRTWe have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico with the strongest immigration laws in the World refuses to help with illegal immigration ; drugs!The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!3AFCELjprLb1bp3CGqwCVery important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!Wow ratings for ¡§Morning Joe¡¨ which were really bad in the first place just ¡§tanked¡¨ with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50%. Just shows Fake News never wins!Congressman Adam Schiff who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking should be forced to resign from Congress!FBI ; DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise Honduras Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years and do Nothing. The Dems don¡¦t care such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major ¡§breakdown¡¨ have ZERO credibility or respect ; must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday I will tell you the secret!Will be heading to Grand Rapids Michigan tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country but also the car companies ; others that are pouring back into Michigan Ohio Pennsylvania North ; South Carolina ; all over!Tjz6ZjVV79lGxIGgf43Fseanhannity: #HANNITY EXCLUSIVE TONIGHT: One-on-one with  ¡X the President¡¦s first interview since Mueller found no coll¡KWe are here today to award America¡¦s highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation ¡V Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins...q3J8BhRnhAJust met with SundarPichai President of Google who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military not the Chinese Military........Also discussed political fairness and various things that Google can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!kTXRgcuk5x.GreggJarrett: ¡§Trump-Russia 'collusion' was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history¡¨ H59Q1UL64gThe Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President me! T.V. ratings of CNN ; MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. FoxNews up BIG!Ing9BhBQGiP46CNUBicX¡§I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe¡¨ Sean Davis  TuckerCarlson¡§Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel¡¨ yAAyR2Hxe4 VccUpjMJqZThank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Today¡¦s vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders Drugs and Crime!¡§A Catastrophic Media Failure¡¨ dkHo5kHwwfThe Republican Party will become ¡§The Party of Healthcare!¡¨¡§What we¡¦re seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.¡¨ ByronYork BillHemmer Should never have been started a disgrace!¡§What we¡¦re seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.¡¨ ByronYork  BillHemmer Should never have been started a disgrace!TomFitton: Let¡¦s be clear neither Mueller Obama FBI DOJ CIA Deep State etc ever had good faith basis to pursue  o¡KThe Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!TomFitton: Tom Fitton on  Russia Mueller Probe: 'They've KNOWN There Was NO Collusion" And by the way DevinNunes is¡KDonaldJTrumpJr: Christmas came early this week. ypqkZgRkeRZacharyIvanPor1:  Thank you Mr. President???? for all of your sacrifice your hard work and your thoughtful leadership.¡KScottABC7: The Stanley Cup and the Caps with President Trump in the Oval Office.What a picture! lKwBz3F1YLA team of great champions! Pm5p9L6TaXkeeperofthecup: Hanging out in the Roosevelt Room waiting to head into the oval office.  #stanleycup NHL WhiteHouse HockeyHallFame¡Kbmcnally14: The #Caps won a Stanley Cup so they get to spend the next hour here touring and meeting the President in a private event. h¡KWSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for ¡¥Abuse of Surveillance Powers¡¦ mIE0vOFZae via BreitbartNewsToday it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel back to the WhiteHouse where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israel¡¦s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more: yAAyR2Hxe4 gWp6nwRwsYG4RNXzoWqcDAT0cT72WX: Good Morning Have A Great Day!: No Collusion No Obstruction Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!¡§Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.¡¨ MSNBC¡§The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign or anyone associated with it conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.¡¨¡§No matter your ideologies or your loyalties this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election according to Robert Mueller and that is good.¡¨  BretBaier  FoxNewsNo Collusion No Obstruction Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Good Morning Have A Great Day!Today in Florida FLOTUS and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas Dominican Republic Haiti Jamaica and Saint Lucia! tElFdkIYfCIt was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!It is my pleasure to announce that StephenMoore a very respected Economist will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time ¡V and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!....There is nothing to admire about them they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda they are now being beaten badly at every level....wbQiy4uGYMdu665IcD5H¡§Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now because of big pressure save for a few people in caves most have surrendered. A testament to our President.¡¨ Thank you Pete Hegseth foxandfriendsqjoe0rc3rQ3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!WhiteHouse: The American dream is back because President Trump understands what many experts don't: that restoring American greatness i¡KGOPChairwoman: You can't deny our economy is roaring: *fastest GDP growth in 13 years *1M more job openings than people looking for¡KDonaldJTrumpJr: Super excited today that  is signing an executive order today to protect free speech rights for ALL stu¡KWhiteHouse: President 's historic investments in our defense industrial base keep two of his biggest promises to voters¡KWhiteHouse: Today there are plenty of reasons for that trust. Manufacturing jobs are roaring back. Blue-collar workers are set to make¡KToday we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. VP and I will always stand with these wonderful families and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay u7vrG7JnCPWe are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses.gFFnSl1bEFAfter 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel¡¦s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!¡§John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.¡¨ seanhannity  FoxNews¡§The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey (a dirty cop) leaked his memos to a friend who leaked them to the press on purpose.¡¨ KennedyNation Totally illegal!UhTjBuWY2hLeaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the WhiteHouse. A really great day!ssJNhlTMzyISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. (Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office). MUgfex4rCjReally beautiful to see! DKq2TIeiSsGreat news from Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you for Northwest Ohio for our GREAT MILITARY and for our entire Country...ZWbjX0Be9mGeorge Conway often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him is VERY jealous of his wife¡¦s success ; angry that I with her help didn¡¦t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look a stone cold LOSER ; husband from hell!The Democrats are getting very ¡§strange.¡¨ They now want to change the voting age to 16 abolish the Electoral College and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually you¡¦ve got to win it at the Ballot Box!Not a good situation! uaMcSrX4yM....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States ; the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - ; we can¡¦t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier ; different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It¡¦s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote you go to....DonaldJTrumpJr: My latest OP-Ed on Tech Censorship - check it out and RT. Conservatives face a tough fight as Big Tech's censorship e¡KThank you JesseBWatters could not have said it any better myself! HirL10zwZlAmazingly CNN just released a poll at 71% saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001 18 years! WOW is CNN becoming a believer?95I4towyEPI will be looking into this! #StopTheBias ZTWQolvmdMFacebook Google and Twitter not to mention the Corrupt Media are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not we will win anyway just like we did before! #MAGA¡§You can¡¦t dispel this mood of positive energy.¡¨  Varneyco  The Economy is Great!A total loser! vm3Vv2f9jfThe Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!h2bZ1p3UlYQxJBMTAZqGRep. Devin Nunes Files $250M Defamation Lawsuit Against Twitter Two Anonymous Twitter Accounts fT9ZXdWg7z via thedailybeastWhile the press doesn¡¦t like writing about it nor do I need them to I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $400000.00 to different agencies throughout the year this to Homeland Security. If I didn¡¦t do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA! xqIGUOwh4xprecsXDarxOur prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with GovKristiNoem and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe! 9CNcPJZ3qiMy team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds (IAGovernor) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa! mZ4grxQ1Sasb4UfYkFWIGDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!Wow! A Suffolk/USA Today Poll just out states ¡§50% of Americans AGREE that  Robert Mueller¡¦s investigation is a Witch Hunt.¡¨ MSNBC  Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it another low I.Q. individual!93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World the envy of all. Get that big beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico where you invested so heavily pre-Trump but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!General Motors and the UAW are going to start ¡§talks¡¨ in September/October. Why wait start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown (Ohio) in one of the best economies in our history opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies.....MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election first at the ¡§ballot box¡¨ and then after that failed with the ¡§Insurance Policy¡¨ is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!Just spoke to Mary Barra CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union ¡X I don¡¦t care I just want it open!williamcraddick: Russiagate was designed in part to help the UK counter Russian influence by baiting the United States into taking a ha¡KJackPosobiec: Why did CNN cut her off after she destroyed their Islamophobia hoax? zYepQbVqn8JackPosobiec: ¡§Teen stabbed about 100 times and set on fire in MS-13 murder police?say¡¨ Xrj1j9h7qeLindaSuhler:  FoxNews ArthelNeville LelandVittert Absolutely true President Trump. When those three show up I turn¡KSaraCarterDC: POWELL: Andrew Weissmann?¡X The Kingpin Of Prosecutorial Misconduct ¡X Leaves Mueller¡¦s Squad | The Daily Caller https://t.¡KWhiteHouse: Happy St. Patrick's Day! ?? GEGdysOWFBparscale: David Urban: Trump¡¦s PA popularity no accident | mMJ65vRLhc 0XfqEBl4p6LonewolfnDuke: Lrihendry eVXFEQCkatvmbb12: We have to fight back. They have not let up on President Trump nor his supporters since they lost. They are losers we are win¡KChuckCallesto: REVEALED: Foreign Government Official Offered Hillary Campaign Dirt On Trump [Details] t9EMftRAIGChuckCallesto: BREAKING:  ==&gt; Minnesota Democrats make move to REMOVE Ilhan Omar from Congress...77LYHMQ96KChuckCallesto: Christopher Steele Admits Using Posts By ¡¥Random Individuals¡¦ From CNN To Back Up Trump Dossier ejhRHBjoBVChuckCallesto: President Trump Defends Judge Jeanine After Fox Censors Her Show NodG0t0w2Isuperyayadize: NPR Accidentally Admits Border Fences Are Effective - Over past several decades migrants have turned to more rugged par¡KLrihendry: Meghan MCCain took a swipe at Trump suggesting ¡§no one will ever love you like they loved my father¡¨ WRONG Meghan! Million¡KThose Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!Were FoxNews weekend anchors ArthelNeville and LelandVittert trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event that¡¦s where they should be working along with their lowest rated anchor Shepard Smith!Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!yvJpMzy3R4....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker and fight hard for JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you¡¦ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don¡¦t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can¡¦t beat you you can only beat yourselves!gj32A6PowS....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct which will only bring you down and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have don¡¦t give it to them. Be strong ; prosper be weak ; die! Stay true....Bring back JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats working closely with their beloved partner the Fake News Media is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....Happy St. Patrick¡¦s Day! ?? WmuNzJSRr8So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) ¡§last in his class¡¨ (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He ; the Dems working together failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) ¡§last in his class¡¨ (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He ; the Dems working together  failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat ; Crooked Hillary paid for Fake ; Unverified Dossier with information he got from ¡§send in watchers¡¨ of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and of course Russia! Such one sided media coverage most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52% 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  #MAGAIt¡¦s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live not funny/no talent can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me) over ; over without so much of a mention of ¡§the other side.¡¨ Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......: I¡¦d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This¡K: .....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!: ....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal ; conflicted investiga¡K: So if there was knowingly ; acknowledged to be ¡§zero¡¨ crime when the Special Counsel was appointed and if the appoin¡K: ¡§New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI DOJ ; CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President T¡KHow is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters I guess not so well! In the meantime the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.Google is helping China and their military but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton and not Trump....and how did that turn out?Because the economy is so good General Motors must get their Lordstown Ohio plant open maybe in a different form or with a new owner FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S. others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier ¡§is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain.¡¨ Ken Starr Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse ¡§stains¡¨ than this including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!This is a National Emergency...AAKBuNW2roWhiteHouse: Sheriff Hodgson: "Mr. President you have stood up and you¡¦ve taken the action. And the American people are behind you and¡KWhiteHouse: Sheriff Louderback: "The sheriffs and men and women of law enforcement in this room and across this nation owe you a debt o¡KWhiteHouse: Attorney General Bill Barr: ¡§The crisis that we¡¦re dealing with today is right on our door step and it presents a real clea¡KMark Morgan Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!  foxandfriendsWQThgHWcg4Veto Message to the House of Representatives for H.J. Res. 46: 9Z5JHAUv6N lA4RSYTZo0oCPqP4v1fHOn the recent non-binding vote (420-0) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesn¡¦t matter. Play along with the game!lopau8H33lB6NgsZuJdyJust spoke w/ GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska ; across the Midwest especially the Farmers ; Ranchers are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders ; emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding high winds ; road closures.tEgQFkcMs1Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern the Prime Minister of New Zealand regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister........that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand ¡V and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!I¡¦d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime Human Trafficking and Drugs entering our Country. Watch when you get back to your State they will LOVE you more than ever before!.....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal ; conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....So if there was knowingly ; acknowledged to be ¡§zero¡¨ crime when the Special Counsel was appointed and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he ; all stated no crime) then the Special Counsel.......¡§New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI DOJ ; CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President Trump all the way back in 2015.¡¨ A transcript of Peter Strzok¡¦s testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this. OANN foxandfriendsThe ¡¥Jexodus¡¦ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! OANN  foxandfriendsMy warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!Breitbart News Network HdGfwuASWC via BreitbartNews884dpZi52PI look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime Drugs and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!VETO!Congratulations Toyota! BIG NEWS for U.S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal. f9iHprPk5BA vote for today¡¦s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi Crime and the Open Border Democrats!....If at a later date Congress wants to update the law I will support those efforts but today¡¦s issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Don¡¦t vote with Pelosi!Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress....Happy National Ag Day! hNkOh0TqvWThe three very weak and untalented late night ¡§hosts¡¨ are ¡§fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job it wasn¡¦t political. I don¡¦t know what they¡¦re going to do in 2024 when he¡¦s no longer President?  Will be wacky in the unemployment line.¡¨ Michael Loftus foxandfriendsThe Democrats are ¡§Border Deniers.¡¨ They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death Crime Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security ; the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare but it can be easily fixed!¡§Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. That¡¦s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It¡¦s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago you should not be allowed to ruin people¡¦s lives like this.¡¨ Lara Trump FoxNewsWhiteHouse: January 16 2019: 247 illegal migrants rush the border in New Mexico.This is a national emergency. I6tLEQkbnXI agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President! czcUbee9x7¡§The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.¡¨ Catherine Herridge FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!¡§Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.¡¨  Very unfair!  FoxNews2qWkPuFDL6Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrow¡¦s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!GeraldoRivera: SpeakerPelosi statements vs #Impeachment are refreshing ; conciliatory. Her conclusion that attempting to remove realD¡KGeraldoRivera: As #RobertMueller approaches the end interesting how little anti-Trumpers are invoking infamous #SteeleDossier the tabl¡KDiamondandSilk: AG Letitia James of New York is abusing her power by targeting the POTUS.  Using the Attorney General office as a weapo¡KComey testified (under oath) that it was a ¡§unanimous¡¨ decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. jasoninthehouseThe Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania then propelled conspiracy theories that it¡¦s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully justice will finally be served. Much more to come!Defying voters the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled and neither am I!KEEP AMERICA GREAT!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!¡§Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It¡¦s tough when there¡¦s only one topic.¡¨ foxandfriends  Actually the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me unwatchable. But remember WE are number one - President!....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for ¡§high crimes and misdemeanors¡¨?I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi¡¦s statement against impeachment but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman ; Cuomo. So many leaving New York! 5HCCNFZXFNAll part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman ; Coumo. So many leaving New York! 5HCCNFZXFNGOP: The NY Attorney General called President Trump an ¡§illegitimate president.¡¨ She has proven to have a vendetta against realDonaldT¡KLindaSuhler: Dear GodThank you for answering our prayers.A grateful Nation#GodBlessAmerica???? #PresidentTrump #ElectionDay https://¡KJim_Jordan: Why did AdamSchiff try to block Congress from learning that the Clinton campaign paid for the Dossier?Jim_Jordan: Why did AdamSchiff say that his talks with Michael Cohen were limited to inviting him and allaying any concerns about thre¡KDonaldJTrumpJr: Well done SteveDaines! As we spoke about on the campaign trail and in hunting camp #publiclands is a big issue for us¡KJim_Jordan: Why did AdamSchiff fail to disclose that he met with Glenn Simpson (whose Dossier oppo research was funded by the Clinton¡KAll part of the Witch Hunt! 5HCCNFZXFNWhiteHouse: All across America hardworking taxpayers balance their household budgets find ways to do more with less and still manage¡KIvankaTrump: - Labor force participation of prime-age females reached 76% in January matching the highest rate since ¡¥03- Wages are¡KIvankaTrump: America¡¦s economy is stronger than ever ; women in the workforce are thriving:- Female unemployment reached its       LOW¡KWhiteHouseCEA: Real average hourly earnings rose 1.9% during the past 12 months well exceeding the 0.4% pace during the year-earlier p¡KVP: Thank you CUNA for hosting me today!As I told their members: we¡¦re asking every member of the US Senate: A vote against the Presi¡Kdcexaminer: For the first time in his presidency  flipped an appeals court to now have a majority of Republican-appoin¡KWhiteHouse: Today President  signed the John D. Dingell Jr. Conservation Management and Recreation Act which prote¡KWhiteHouse: More good news today: ¡§Real wages for American families are soaring¡¨ says WhiteHouseCEA. And along with those rising wage¡KNew York State and its Governor Andrew Cuomo are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!FLOTUS: While you may never personally become addicted the chances of knowing someone who struggles with it are high. If you or someo¡K....needed and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don¡¦t know about you but I don¡¦t want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are....Patrick Moore co-founder of Greenpeace: ¡§The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News it¡¦s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis there¡¦s weather and climate all around the world and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.¡¨ foxandfriends  Wow!¡§Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration and it got worsts ; worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don¡¦t care about Israel or the Jewish people.¡¨ Elizabeth Pipko Jexodus.Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime Drugs etc.) not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United as usual on a 20% issue Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R¡¦s!RepAndyBiggsAZ: Kate Steinle.Sarah Root.Grant Ronnebeck.We willl no longer be bystanders to these crimes committed by illegal alien¡KGOPChairwoman: . made history by including a national paid family leave proposal in a presidential budget.This invest¡KMaking Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!At a recent round table meeting of business executives ; long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time ; words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this ; it became yet another bad Trump story!ChuckRossDC: NEW: Dark money group gave $2 Million DEMOCRACY INTEGRITY PROJECT the org that hired Fusion GPS and Chris Steele to bolst¡KTomFitton: BIG:JudicialWatch Uncovers DOJ Docs Showing Numerous Bruce Ohr Communications with Clinton/DNC's Fusion GPS Christopher St¡KUSAmbIsrael: With LindseyGrahamSC today touring a Gaza terror tunnel. Cost of tunnel = cost of 2 new schools = cost of 30 new homes. #¡KLindseyGrahamSC: Executive Business meeting this morning on judicial nominees in the senjudiciary committee.WATCH:AAzW¡Ksenatemajldr: H.R.1 is a blatant power grab to give Washington bureaucrats control over what American citizens can say about politics¡Kpaulsperry_: BREAKING: US Border Patrol says that after physical barriers were erected in San Diego and El Paso sectors as well as Yum¡Kpaulsperry_: BREAKING: Even Mueller's case against Russia itself for interfering in the 2016 election is breaking downTomFitton: The real collusion scandal... why haven't Hillary Clinton and her lawyers been questioned about their collusion with Fusion¡KTomFitton: Top House Dem says Cohen likely to face DOJ perjury probe Xo1o4E6f5x #FoxNewsTomFitton: .RepAdamSchiff has another ethics scandal as a result of his and his staff colluding with Cohen on his testimony which was¡K¡§There¡¦s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.¡¨ GrahamLedger One America News.  So true a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton the DNC and others!paulsperry_: If Schiff wasn't coaching Cohen on how to go after Trump before his testimony and was just going over procedural issues w¡KMore people are working today in the United States 158000000 than at any time in our Country¡¦s history. That is a Big Deal!Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges biggest Tax ; Regulation Cuts V.A. Choice Best Economy Lowest Unemployment ; much more!WhiteHouse: ¡§Public optimism in their personal economy has hit a 16-year high under President Trump."¡§The job market doesn¡¦t get much¡Kmike_pence: Great to be in Kentucky! I¡¦m proud to stand with MattBevin who is working tirelessly for the great people of the Bluegrass¡K¡§Donald Trump¡¦s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.¡¨ Jesse WattersTomFitton: .JudicialWatch uncovers major Ohr-Steele-Fusion GPS collusion docs PLUS did Schiff conspire with Cohen to smear RealDonald¡KWhiteHouse: Economic security is national security. That's the principle at work as President  helps our veterans tra¡KGOPChairwoman: Since the mainstream media doesn¡¦t cover the booming  economy enough:-Wage growth just hit 3.4% ¡V the¡KWill soon be 145 Judges! LoTbT4RFJjThis is just the beginning! PYwFGVGUxXTimRunsHisMouth: Democrats so far in 2019:?Won't condemn anti-semitism in the House of Reps.?Do nothing against a racist Governor w¡KThe Witch Hunt continues! 9W1iUgE0d6....and renovated with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGAWacky Nut Job AnnCoulter who still hasn¡¦t figured out that despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight) I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train which is $Billions over budget ; in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!RepMarkMeadows: Before Michael Cohen's testimony last week he and Adam Schiff met for TEN hours. But last Sunday Schiff told CBS his¡Kdbongino: Is there anything that the Democrats stand for that aligns with American values anymore? Now that they¡¦ve gone all-in on anti¡KRepDanCrenshaw: Today I offered a motion to recommit #HR1 reaffirming that only US citizens should have the right to vote. Dems rejec¡KBorder Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won¡¦t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future and now!QUuEBfFo44.RepMikeTurner  ¡§The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.¡¨  Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!¡¨MSNBC: President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump view memorial crosses for the 23 people killed in the Alabama tornadoes. https://t.¡KUnimaginable loss - Such great people! AV9oi8XuaEIvankaTrump: Thank you for your exemplary service to our nation Secretary Wilson! sYGLGmOT4XFLOTUS: Happy #InternationalWomensDay2019 MtecsanuEoIvankaTrump: Happy International Women¡¦s Day! #IWD2019 #WGDP USAID WhiteHouse DOX6vGeCZdmarklevinshow: Victor Davis Hanson is on next. His new book the Case for Trump is out now! u8JLoroBcamarklevinshow: Ron DeSantis America¡¦s governor WmJ9yC922acvpayne: Jobs Report:  Most Important HighlightNon-Supervisory Wages continue to surge and outpace overall wage increasesThis is amaz¡KLouDobbs: Radical Dimms embarrass themselves:  Debate over anti-Semitism charges exposes divide in Democratic Party. xm4SD¡KLouDobbs: #AmericaFirst ¡V marc_lotter: Democrats couldn¡¦t condemn anti-semitism. That¡¦s because the radical left-wing socialists have¡KTomFitton: .JudicialWatch exposed that Clinton operation and FBI paying Steele at the same time here:  fICH35a59c https:/¡KTomFitton: NEW: Cohen Testimony is Abuse of : Deep State Abuse and Leaks Targets Trump Family/WH On Security Clearances¡KSessions didn¡¦t have a clue! XlLpnINOBvAluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions plus jobs. Nice!paulsperry_: Cohen claimed his shady father-in-law's "in the clothing business" when in fact he's loan shark in same taxicab medallion¡Kpaulsperry_: BREAKING: Democratic Rep. Jerry "Joe McCarthy" Nadler who just yesterday declared that Trump obstructed justice just now¡Kpaulsperry_: Despite running informants/stings on Trump camp electronically spying for yrunmasking NSA intercepts rummaging thru Tru¡Kpaulsperry_: Glenn Simpson ; Christopher Steele r 2 of biggest villains in Russia collusion hoax yet neither has faced serious scrutin¡Kpaulsperry_: Now that even some MSM acknowledging there never was a "collusion" scandal when will MSM start investigating the real sca¡KIvankaTrump: We have reached 6577623 pledged new career opportunities apprenticeships continuing education and on-the-job training¡KCongratulations to Heather Wilson who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job.......as Secretary of the Air Force and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!On International Women¡¦s Day we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities families governments and businesses...VVnkuBPmhAWomen¡¦s unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January 2011. Things are looking good!We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!¡§This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.¡¨  Stuart Varney foxandfriends  So true!Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House ; Senate Intelligence ; Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control but we are winning!Thank you foxandfriends. Great show!The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!Breaking News MSNBC: ¡§Cohen¡¦s lawyer contradicts Cohen¡¦s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.¡¨We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!It was not a campaign contribution and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!Democrats just blocked FoxNews from holding a debate. Good then I think I¡¦ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!Wall Street Journal: ¡§More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.¡¨ We are doing a great job at the border but this is a National Emergency!Congressman Chris Stewart: ¡§No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.¡¨ They are desperately trying to find anything they can even a punctuation mistake in a document!American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the WhiteHouse! izb2tTrINBIt is shameful that House Democrats won¡¦t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it¡¦s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent they are voting on desperately needed Border Security ; the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs Human Traffickers ; Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That¡¦s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!DonaldJTrumpJr: Jim Jordan: No evidence of Trump colluding with Russia but 'all kinds' showing Clinton campaign did XR2hU¡KWeirdo Tom Steyer doesn¡¦t have the ¡§guts¡¨ or money to run for President. He¡¦s all talk! klmVsCmeNEDonaldJTrumpJr: Weird that all of a sudden the Fake Dossier author (paid for by Hillary and the DNC etc) no longe wants to show up and¡KIngrahamAngle: Tune in tonight for blockbuster analysis of the Dems¡¦ colossally stupid decision to overreach with overbroad subpoenas..¡KHans Von Spakovsky ¡§I haven¡¦t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don¡¦t have any evidence of wrongdoing.¡¨Uncle_Jimbo: .JerryNadler admits on #CNN they have no proof of Obstruction by  it's just his "personal opinion"Meet¡KPresidential Harassment! AHz6kLliaCGOPChairwoman: While  was successful in the private sector career politicians enrich themselves by spending decades in¡KPressSec: Statement on Chairman Nadler¡¦s fishing expedition. tBsVzrtGYg¡§(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020 rules out a third bid for White House.¡¨ Aw-shucks does that mean I won¡¦t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!Scott Gottlieb who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA plans to leave government service sometime next month........Scott has helped us to lower drug prices get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!Just a few moments ago I signed an EO addressing one of our nation¡¦s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every Veteran¡XI want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten.DKxiV5Ku3BOur great First Lady (FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific EricBolling at the WestgateVegas Resort. She¡¦s on her #BeBest Tour helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1500 people!Republican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big fat fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing and have done!¡§HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient Doctors Report.¡¨ nytimes  Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton ; the Democrats Nadler Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won¡¦t get ANYTHING done for our Country!StarParker is indeed a ¡§Star!¡¨ Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal ; Ed. JesseBWatters LauraIngramRepresentative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!¡§We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.¡¨ seanhannity¡§We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.¡¨ seanhannityJudicialWatch: Right now our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels ; violent criminals ¡V each day adding to the millions¡K.... Amazon like the Washington Post. It¡¦s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets but not anymore.¡¨ TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!¡§The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition like the New Yorker - or they¡¦ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........Presidential Harassment! 2Cz5ckERcsWhiteHouse: President Trump's message to those affected by the tornadoes in the Gulf states: "We grieve by your side and we pledge our¡K¡§There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!¡¨ DevinNunes FoxNews¡§Now that the Dems are going to try ; switch from Collusion to some other reason it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn¡¦t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.¡¨ AriFleischer It will never work!The military drills or war games as I call them were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK¡XFAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those ¡§games¡¨ especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. GovernorKayIvey one of the best in our Country has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. GovIvey one of the best in our Country has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).GOPChairwoman: I completely agree with Kevin McCarthy.¡KTo the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims and to the injured God bless you all!And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN ; others? GAItdhWniBSchumer ; the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION! QFqCaYmVPJMZHemingway: Man conservatives haven¡¦t been this united on Twitter since the Kavanaugh confirmation!ChatByCC:  President Trump made America great again! #MAGA Now it¡¦s up to us to help him keep America great. #KAG#T¡Krcale1776: Jon Stewart ¡§Listen up everybody the Trump Justice Dept is doing an excellent job administrating the 911 compensation act¡¨¡KFor the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar ; fraudster at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the ¡§walk.¡¨ Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!....President. We are WINNING big the envy of the WORLD but just think what it could be?Presidential Harassment by ¡§crazed¡¨ Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for anyThe reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!My wonderful daughter Ivanka will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on ¡§The Next Revolution.¡¨ FoxNews 9:00 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.(and gets so little credit!). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P.M. a great show!¡§Look how they¡¦re acting now and how we act when we¡¦re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn¡¦t find anything...they took a Fake Dossier ; couldn¡¦t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.¡¨ Congressman Mark Green (R-TN).After more than two years of Presidential Harassment the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony given by a liar to reduce his prison time proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he........said was a total lie but Fake Media won¡¦t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad conflicted ; corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal ; should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this great success!PTLqvZNwqYWe¡¦ve got NASA ¡§rocking¡¨ again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. It¡¦s a total new love letter to ¡§Trump¡¨ and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!Thank you marklevinshow!dwQR11genGTeamCavuto  It was a 3 day train ride to Vietnam not 3 hours!: 93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (B¡K: I hope our great Republican Senators don¡¦t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without stro¡K: Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)¡Kdcexaminer: Pence says President Trump has "no higher priority than the safety of the American people." #CPAC2019 fmBGjTBC¡KTeamTrump: Get your OFFICIAL campaign merchandise  avCW7TGIn1 or if you¡¦re at CPAC check out our Official booth!¡¨ #Tea¡KWill be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd live broadcast. Enjoy!Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also furthers U.K. relationship! 3xTzzJH6IqI have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef pork etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions........and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25% on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!....for Otto¡¦s mistreatment and death. Most important Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!I never like being misinterpreted but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible....Michael Cohen¡¦s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton¡¦s lawyer Lanny Davis say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?...and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way it¡¦s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!Oh¡¦ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats they say ¡§gee I have an idea let¡¦s look at Trump¡¦s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let¡¦s follow discredited Michael Cohen.....Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen¡¦s new book given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies misrepresentations and contradictions  against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!Wow just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a ¡§love letter to Trump¡¨ manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony which now is a lie!Great to be back from Vietnam an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good let¡¦s see what happens!Today in Alaska it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU! 4REVxKUsHTywNk8EhOh0hUK9dSBM3MI will be interviewed by seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. on FoxNews. Enjoy!Everyone MUST watch the opening to TuckerCarlson - A Classic! foxnewsTHANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week: President Trong Prime Minister Phuc and the wonderful people of Vietnam! AMqF0dfRhPStateDept: President  and SecPompeo participate in a Press Conference in Hanoi Vietnam on February 28 2019. https:/¡K: Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disba¡KGreat meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow! #HanoiSummit J3x6lUGzjSGreat meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!WhiteHouse: Wo4C4hsP43WhiteHouse: t6egb4NeirAll false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization ; then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China Russia Japan ; South Korea will be very helpful!Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area) doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA it¡¦s where the action is!Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying ; fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked¡¦s lawyer!I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!IvankaTrump: No I did not. I support a minimum wage. I do not however believe in a minimum guarantee for people ¡§unwilling to work¡¨ whi¡K: Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat positi¡K: ....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we sho¡KThe Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn¡¦t do ¡§it¡¨ during eight years of the Obama Administration?Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same and very quickly if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME a great opportunity like almost none other in history for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds and so much love!....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on it¡¦s protecting the lives of innocent babies.Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don¡¦t mind executing babies AFTER birth....If a deal is made with China our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let¡¦s see what happens?...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin and with Danny¡¦s release we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!...Danny¡¦s recovery reflects the best of what the United States ; its partners can accomplish.We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic intelligence and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...Congratulations to DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!¡§Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?¡¨ VarneycoI hope our great Republican Senators don¡¦t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders we don¡¦t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart don¡¦t fall into the Democrats ¡§trap¡¨ of Open Borders and Crime!Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception only to be replaced by another beauty Cryin¡¦ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!Meeting for breakfast with our Nation¡¦s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!: So funny to watch people who have failed for years they got NOTHING telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. Bu¡KIvankaTrump: This Admin is committed to ensuring more Americans have the skills needed to secure better jobs in our strong economy.  I¡KOil prices getting too high. OPEC please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes or better yet not have to use notes at all when doing his racist hit on your President who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform Lowest Unemployment numbers in History Tax Cutsetc.) than almost any other Pres!: Highly respected Senator Richard Burr head of Senate Intelligence said after interviewing over 200 witnesses and st¡KWe have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job but without the Wall which is now under major construction you cannot have Border Security. Drugs Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!....productive talks I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself at Mar-a-Lago to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. ; China!I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection technology transfer agriculture services currency and many other issues. As a result of these very......So funny to watch people who have failed for years they got NOTHING telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And where¡¦s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover Peter S? We want them now!93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (BAD) press in the history of presidential politics! And don¡¦t forget the Witch Hunt!Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves ¡§because of the Wall and Border Security. 70% support Border Security and the Wall.¡¨ Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg Independent Women¡¦s Forum KatiePavlich  A great USA issue!Chairman Kim realizes perhaps better than anyone else that without nuclear weapons his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him) it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi Vietnam early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington D.C. on July 4th. It will be called ¡§A Salute To America¡¨ and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display entertainment and an address by your favorite President me!seanhannity: **REPORT: ¡§China is proposing that it could buy an additional $30 billion a year of U.S. agricultural products including s¡KCortesSteve: Was wonderful to meet so many inspiring young patriots last night when I spoke to the ?TPUSA? Latino conference! ?char¡KTomFitton: MASSIVE JudicialWatch Update:  Lawsuit to Expose Coup Against  Another FBI Cover-up of potential Clinton e¡KPressSec: President  delivers more great news for our farmers. ACq0ujTFTSGOPChairwoman: Drug trafficking at our southern border has exploded.CBP seized nearly 5X as much methamphetamine in 2018 than it did¡KLouDobbs: #AmericaFirst ¡VCLewandowski_ :The media doesn¡¦t want to give  the credit for once again exerting American do¡KSo great being with you both in the Oval Office! 9VoIV3NahEGOPChairwoman: Thank you RonaldWeiser for serving the MIGOP well and congratulations to my friend and new MIGOPChair Laura Cox!  I¡K¡§There¡¦s not one shred of evidence that this president¡¦s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.¡¨ Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham so true!The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history ready to reclaim their country ¡V and their future.... ajxd1EN64cUSMC: 74 years ago today Marines on Iwo Jima raised the flag atop Mount Suribachi.Semper Fidelis. UsQ2z344XpThere is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. That¡¦s why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesn¡¦t want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs Drugs and Crime!God Bless the people of Venezuela!Great new book: ¡§The Case For Trump¡¨ by Victor Davis Hanson Hoover Senior Fellow.I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft our current Ambassador to Canada is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations........Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that under her leadership our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!SecretarySonny: BREAKING: In Oval Office meeting today the Chinese committed to buy an additional 10 million metric tons of U.S. soybe¡KA must read by KimStrassel! Gfyrfpy55bFake News is so bad for our Country! ZwA8E0URerHighly respected Senator Richard Burr head of Senate Intelligence said after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents ¡§WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.¡¨ The Witch Hunt so bad for our Country must end!FLOTUS: Wonderful evening at WhiteHouse celebrating #AfricanAmericanHistoryMonth! ZBJop8kxTYWe are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life History and Culture. From the earliest days of this Nation African-American Leaders Pioneers ; Visionaries have uplifted ; inspired our Country...VuFLkfd12jSenator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime the Border the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.JussieSmollett - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGATHE WALL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION RIGHT NOW! exUJCiITsz....something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!I want 5G and even 6G technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful faster and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts or get left behind. There is no reason that we should be lagging behind on.........I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and he fully agrees not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30 2019 ¡V 47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction! #FinishTheWall TYkj3KRdOCCalifornia now wants to scale back their already failed ¡§fast train¡¨ project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!¡§If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey the Inspector General....¡¨ Trey Gowdy¡§The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.¡¨ Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don¡¦t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly I kept many of them in business. In six years they all go BUST!Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!¡§Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.¡¨ LouDobbsGeraldoRivera: This is crazy scary. A cabal of unelected bureaucrats-angered ; upset that  fired their boss-whispered a¡KxRbxknI4NfI never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe¡¦s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans and for your all time favorite President it is a Fake Fact Checker!The failed Fast Train project in California where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!As I predicted 16 states led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left have filed a lawsuit in of course the 9th Circuit! California the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train with no hope of completion seems in charge!The failed Fast Train project in California were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!As I predicted 16 cities led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left have filed a lawsuit in of course the 9th Circuit! California the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train with no hope of completion seems in charge!Had the opposition party (no not the Media) won the election the Stock Market would be down at least 10000 points by now. We are heading up up up!¡§....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)!¡¨ Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! FoxNewsRemember this Andrew McCabe didn¡¦t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin¡¦ James Comey!real_defender:  Our country is making unprecedented progress thanks to the fact that we finally have a president who is¡KThank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow! a5PLSwpJyxThank you JT! L1HDeXWazcAmazing! uUNCL1hPAk¡§The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history and it¡¦s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe (FBI) admitted to plotting a coup (government overthrow) when he was serving in the FBI before he was fired for lying ; leaking.¡¨ seanhannity FoxNews  Treason!Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship; and there will be NO GOING BACK! C3DL5RFfiEI ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY ¡V and the United States of America is standing right by their side!We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere Socialism is DYING - and liberty prosperity and democracy are being REBORN...hPL5W48PmgFLOTUS: A beautiful ceremony at Nicklaus4kids hospital today to celebrate their new changes! I hope the garden nurtures ; heals all th¡KHope you are enjoying your President¡¦s Day our Country is making unprecedented progress!¡§This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.¡¨ Dan Bongino on foxandfriends  True!Great analysis by foxandfriends!....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military Vets Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous ¡§insurance policy¡¨ in full action!Wow so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty) look like they were planning a very illegal act and got caught.....¡§After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.¡¨  Ken Dilanian NBCNewsKimStrassel: Death of a California Dream sBnSecSriX via WSJOpinionWilliam Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility writes KimStrassel naY9XOxb12 via WSJ: ....Many of the top FBI brass were fired forced to leave or left. McCabe¡¦s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton pe¡K: Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a ¡§poor little Angel¡¨ when in fact he was a big part of the¡KThe Mueller investigation is totally conflicted illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!¡§These guys the investigators ought to be in jail. What they have done working with the Obama intelligence agencies is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country and Mueller is a coverup.¡¨  Rush Limbaughr8N9m5vQlFy61loNunTJTHE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!52% Approval Rating 93% in Republican Party ( a record )! Pretty amazing considering that 93% (also) of my press is REALLY BAD. The ¡§people¡¨ are SMART!Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our country¡¦s history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal and more today with my staff. Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!TomFitton: .NYTIMES complains  crackdown on asylum scamming is working.  K8j94ITalLTomFitton: Mueller Will Harass  for Entire Term eoQVP6MsmF via JudicialWatchTomFitton: BIG: Strzok/Page Docs Show More Collusion to Protect Hillary Clinton; Voter Fraud Crisis--Thousands of Aliens Illegally Voti¡Kreal_defender:  Protecting America and putting Americans first. Thank you Mr. President!....The U.S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe which is where they are expected to go. We do so much and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100% Caliphate victory!The United States is asking Britain France Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them........: nJORBjwintTrade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!BUILDING THE WALL!nJORBjwintf6Jd2FzayZGreat job by law enforcement in Aurora Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!BliAo5YDqbWhiteHouse: President Trump Speaks on the National Security ; Humanitarian Crisis on Our Southern Border FqdfFORbv5¡§Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system ; Constitution.¡¨ Alan Dershowitz. TuckerCarlsonWhiteHouse: .PressSec: President Trump will sign the government funding bill and as he has stated before he will also take other exe¡K¡§After The Flight 93 Election The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose¡¨ by very talented Michael Anton is a terrific read. Check it out!One year ago today a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in Parkland Florida. On this somber anniversary we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all Americans especially our Nation¡¦s children... MDnSX1BFeW EVAeSwA8oVReviewing the funding bill with my team at the WhiteHouse!funding bill....Many of the top FBI brass were fired forced to leave or left. McCabe¡¦s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a ¡§poor little Angel¡¨ when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal ; the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin¡¦ James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of ¡§insurance policy¡¨ in case I won....California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a ¡§green¡¨ disaster!SenTedCruz: Report: Texas crude oil production breaks 1970s record RHpaMLX7G2 via houstonchronBS162NF8HCruL7CtpdakWhiteHouse: "Every American in every community and from every walk of life has a right to live in security and to live in peace. That i¡KToday it was my great honor to address the MjrCitiesChiefs Association and MCSheriffs Conference in Washington D.C. We will never forget your service and we will never ever let you down! We love you and we thank God for you each and every day. 9tuNcVcBqeThe Gallup Poll just announced that 69% of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year a 16 year high. Nice!The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!dbongino: I don¡¦t feel an ounce of empathy for all of the imbeciles who bought into the Russian collusion hoax now that it¡¦s been entir¡KI want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!WhiteHouse: President Trump's commitment to improving the quality of life for all Americans has led to the largest single decline in dr¡KWhiteHouse: Americans pay 180 percent of what Europeans Canadians and Japanese pay for the exact same drugs!Our seniors aren't goin¡Kplanetepics: They are soooo beautiful and magnificent! ????????ISn5jo8CcD JcMpQUzImlThank you to MSNBC! VdRnirACAz....Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money it is being built as we speak!Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources....Beautiful evening in El Paso Texas last night. God Bless the USA! trqA75KxLNIngrahamAngle: It was 45 degrees outside and this was the overflow crowd. #ElPaso  FipvNxp8diDanScavino: ??Happening Now:  overflow crowd in El Paso Texas.... kqyDC66qRAWe are fighting for all Americans from all backgrounds of every age race religion birthplace color ; creed. Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda ¡V it is the mainstream common sense agenda of the American People. Thank you El Paso Texas - I love you! 4Lz4PUwKzVDonaldJTrumpJr: Beto trying to counter-program  in his hometown and only drawing a few hundred people to Trump¡¦s 35000¡KCoal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and TVAnews should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants like Paradise #3 in Kentucky!?? ??? ????. ?? ??? ?????. ?? ??? ????. ???? ????? ??? ???? #???_???_???? ??? ???. ???? ????? ?? ??????? ?? ????? ?????? ????? ???? ??? ????? nKMQCHQFCZ40 years of corruption. 40 years of repression. 40 years of terror. The regime in Iran has produced only #40YearsofFailure. The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future. bA8YGsw9LALpR2JkYLcWWill be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!The Democrats do not want us to detain or send back criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!No president ever worked harder than me (cleaning up the mess I inherited)!¡§Fact checkers have become Fake News.¡¨ JesseBWatters   So True!: Working hard thank you! tnuHnw8kllThe U.S. will soon control 100% of ISIS territory in Syria. CNN (do you believe this?).club4growth: WE AGREE! The time is now! ?? "The time has come to pass school choice for America's children." -  #SOTUclub4growth: Agreed! Senate needs to confirm  Admin appointees. #SOTUWell it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman(woman)!The Border Committee Democrats are behaving all of a sudden irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall (they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts) but they don¡¦t even want to take muderers into custody! What¡¦s going on?¡§President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976 and 31 right now that are currently active so this is hardly unprecedented.¡¨ Congressman tommcclintock....The fact is when I took over as President our Country was a mess. Depleted Military Endless Wars a potential War with North Korea V.A. High Taxes ; too many Regulations Border Immigration ; HealthCare problems ; much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!The media was able to get my work schedule something very easy to do but it should have been reported as a positive not negative. When the term Executive Time is used I am generally working not relaxing. In fact I probably work more hours than almost any past President.....It was a very bad week for the Democrats with the GREAT economic numbers The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!I don¡¦t think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall ; now out of the blue want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!Gallup Poll: ¡§Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans.¡¨ This would be a disaster for the U.S. We need the Wall now!African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!Senator Richard Burr The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee just announced that after almost two years more than two hundred interviews and thousands of documents they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called ¡§Carbon Footprint¡¨ to permanently eliminate all Planes Cars Cows Oil Gas ; the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!Today Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate or has she decided that after 32 years this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL Liz!The Democrats just don¡¦t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!IngrahamAngle: The #IngrahamAngle goes to El Paso Monday where I¡¦ll be interviewing .  Tune in! 10p ET FoxNewsdbongino: The corrupt spying operation against Donald Trump¡¦s team is the biggest scandal in political history. Read my new book for th¡KJudicialWatch: JW released State Dept docs showing the Clinton-linked Podesta Group run by Tony Podesta (the brother of John Podesta wh¡KTomFitton: Inside JudicialWatch:  is first president in a generation to talk honestly about the border crisis.  https:¡KJim_Jordan: .AdamSchiff:-Meets with Glenn Simpson who hired Nellie Ohr and Chris Steele and paid for the Dossier-Doesn¡¦t disclose¡Kseanhannity: Adam Schiff Glenn Simpson and their Forrest Gump-like encounter in Aspen j2lqrxflGHseanhannity: rhKgdlJt8Xseanhannity: TRUMP: ¡§Not only did Senator Burr¡¦s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia it¡¦s important because t¡KWe have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down and don¡¦t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer ; be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!North Korea under the leadership of Kim Jong Un will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he won¡¦t surprise me because I have gotten to know him ; fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi Vietnam on February 27 ; 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim ; advancing the cause of peace!I was a big fan of Frank Robinson both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country¡¦s history which if people understand politics means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.Working hard thank you! tnuHnw8kll...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX developed long before the election itself but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest ; report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between ¡§Trump¡¨ ; Russia....Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of thehillNot only did Senator Burr¡¦s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia it¡¦s important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300000 pages of documents ; the Committee has direct access to intelligence information that¡¦s Classified. GreggJarrettHighly respected Senator Richard Burr Chairman of Senate Intelligence said today that after an almost two year investigation he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. ¡§We don¡¦t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.¡¨  Thank you!So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!Each year America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. FLOTUS Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire. P9d1bpapsdToday it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Women¡¦s Global Development and Prosperity Initiative. #WGDP Read more: qr3jevdayp HyIPPm4Q7b2019 National Prayer Breakfast cKvv3ygOOtPRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican) in 2020!....The Dems and their committees are going ¡§nuts.¡¨ The Republicans never did this to President Obama there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces after having found zero Russian Collusion that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life both financial and personal even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....tUDYZrc6w0: #SOTUkL6SoClx4K: #SOTUkL6SoClx4K#SOTUkL6SoClx4KLooking forward to tonight! #SOTU lGKkZeaxUZMelania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year. Today people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays joyful festivals and family gatherings...yM6qZng5m0I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech even though he hasn¡¦t seen it yet. He¡¦s just upset that he didn¡¦t win the Senate after spending a fortune like he thought he would. Too bad we weren¡¦t given more credit for the Senate win by the media!Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall this would be a non-event!I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt Acting Secretary of the Interior will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall there is no Security. Human Trafficking Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall there is no Security. Human Trafficking Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long straight ; putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back ; will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack ; Tiger like each other.I will be interviewed Sunday morning on FaceTheNation and prior to the Super Bowl on CBS at 3:30 P.M. Enjoy!Ed Gillespie who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election he wins by 20 points!Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated ¡§I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo.¡¨ This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on ¡§super¡¨ late term abortion. Unforgivable!Great morning at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter Florida with JackNicklaus and TigerWoods! mdPN4yvS8eNational African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom purpose and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations...n9kf58NruZThank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement. We will ALL WIN in 2020 together!WhiteHouse: "We added 304000 jobs which was a shocker to a lot of people. It wasn't a shocker to me." hHzogMtXG5Great news on Foxconn in Wisconsin after my conversation with Terry Gou! 2wtuCdl7TXJOBS JOBS JOBS! 29dViqkEV7Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have by far the strongest economy in the world!....after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100% of the Caliphate but will be watching them closely. It is now time to start coming home and after many years spending our money wisely. Certain people must get smart!I inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan the ¡§Endless Wars¡¨ of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said very strongly that these wars must finally end. We spend $50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace...This Witch Hunt must end! 3og7H4uUw2Nellie Ohr the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI even though it was created by ousted ; discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNTJust out: The big deal very mysterious Don jr telephone calls after the innocent Trump Tower meeting that the media ; Dems said were made to his father (me) were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends ; business associates of Don. Really sad!Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Country¡¦s history. Thanks as always for a job well done!....I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily we had a very good meeting and we are all on the same page!Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran ISIS North Korea etc. Their testimony was distorted press.... Zl5aqBmpjF6wK5He4pk5Very sadly Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017 to 33341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services which they are now doing but also to our Manufacturing Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals through large Caravans into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion high taxes Open Borders and Crime!Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats despite all of the evidence proof and Caravans coming are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I¡¦ve got you covered. Wall is already being built I don¡¦t expect much help!....China¡¦s representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25% on March 1st so all working hard to complete by that date!....meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi and I meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction....China¡¦s top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be......With Murders up 33% in Mexico a record why wouldn¡¦t any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished. LouDobbs foxandfriendsVery sadly Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017 to 33341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally after many decades properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!So great to watch ; listen to all these people who write books ; talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning and how I should be doing ¡§IT.¡¨ As I take it all in I then sit back look around ; say ¡§gee I¡¦m in the White House ; they¡¦re not!Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela¡¦s fight to regain its democracy........Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!Dow just broke 25000. Tremendous news!....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal they are MUCH different but....¡§Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.¡¨ foxandfriendsIf the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier they are Wasting their time!...Time will tell what will happen with North Korea but at the end of the previous administration relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing getting remains hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...When I became President ISIS was out of control in Syria ; running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.¡§Our economy right now is the Gold Standard throughout the World.¡¨ IngrahamAngle  So true and not even close!A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam only to later admit with tears pouring down his face that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!In the beautiful Midwest windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees the coldest ever recorded. In coming days expected to get even colder. People can¡¦t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast we need you!¡§In the Media¡¦s effort to destroy the President they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced it¡¦s amazing he has accomplished so much.¡¨ DEROY MURDOCK foxandfriends  I agree!Howard Schultz doesn¡¦t have the ¡§guts¡¨ to run for President! Watched him on 60Minutes last night and I agree with him that he is not the ¡§smartest person.¡¨ Besides America already has that! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower!Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!Tariffs on the ¡§dumping¡¨ of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this important industry but created many jobs. Also billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U.S.After all that I have done for the Military our great Veterans Judges (99) Justices (2) Tax ; Regulation Cuts the Economy Energy Trade ; MUCH MORE does anybody really think I won¡¦t build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Never thought I¡¦d say this but I think johnrobertsFox and GillianHTurner FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN ; NBC! Look to final results! Don¡¦t know how my poll numbers are so good especially up 19% with Hispanics?Never thought I¡¦d say this but I think johnrobertsFox and JillianTurner FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN ; NBC! Look to final results! Don¡¦t know how my poll numbers are so good especially up 19% with Hispanics?BUILD A WALL ; CRIME WILL FALL! yDdCG5DCxn#HolocaustMemorialDayzBQjfUOdtj hgTBGoECUUGOP: ¡§300 people are dying from heroin overdoses a week in this country 90% of it is coming over the southern border¡K We¡¦ve got to sto¡KKenPaxtonTX: VOTER FRAUD ALERT: The TXsecofstate discovered approx 95000 individuals identified by DPS as non-U.S. citizens have a ma¡KThank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People! WX0o8gaiMCChatByCC: Strong people stand up for themselves¡Xbut stronger people stand up for others.Thank you President  for stan¡KJens Stoltenberg NATO Secretary General just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It¡¦s called burden sharing. Also more united. Dems ; Fake News like to portray the opposite!We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18959495168. Cost Friday was $603331392. There are at least 25772342 illegal aliens not the 11000000 that have been reported for years in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS58000 non-citizens voted in Texas with 95000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country especially in California voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! foxandfriendsWITCH HUNT!....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn¡¦t even work for me anywhere near the Election!CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment data was ¡§released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.¡¨ Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified ¡§Dossier¡¨ a total phony conjob that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...¡§Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost!¡¨ Headline New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly many others will follow. The people want the Truth!Only fools or people with a political agenda don¡¦t want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!BUILD A WALL ; CRIME WILL FALL! a0G7GWi74k¡§We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration ; it was ignored.¡¨ Mark Morgan Border Chief for ¡§O¡¨!Thank you to the Republican National Committee (the RNC) who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years this should be easy. More great things now in the works!We have turned away at great expense two major Caravans but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall they wouldn¡¦t even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately. Will not be easy to make a deal both parties very dug in. The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border ; through dialogue. We will build the Wall!¡§I like the fact that the President is making the case (Border Security ; Crime) to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer ; the Democrats stand which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue.¡¨ Matt Schlapp Chair ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress what about the lying done by Comey Brennan Clapper Lisa Page ; lover Baker and soooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa ; Peter¡¦s deleted texts ; Wiener¡¦s laptop? Much more!I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days if no deal is done it¡¦s off to the races!RUFlgMxOUqGreatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D¡¦Antonio a broken down hack who knows nothing about me goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn¡¦t devote much time to this!Nancy just said she ¡§just doesn¡¦t understand why?¡¨ Very simply without a Wall it all doesn¡¦t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime Human Trafficking Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!...back home where they belong no more Rockets or M¡¦s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and most importantly no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon much potential!The Fake News Media loves saying ¡§so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.¡¨ Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners ; with a major war ready to start in a short 15 months relationships built hostages ; remains....So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen who sadly will not be testifying before Congress is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI ; wasn¡¦t sworn in no tape nothing?The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! foxandfriends¡§This is everything FDR dreamed about the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ he gave people food stamps ; welfare. Donald Trump¡¦s giving them a job. He¡¦s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him should correct.¡¨ DougWeadA great new book just out ¡§Game of Thorns¡¨ by Doug Wead Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016 and what could be more exciting than that?....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a ¡§great¡¨ State of the Union Address in the near future!As the Shutdown was going on Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....¡§The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump¡¦s First Two Years in Office¡¨ AFnWWiLlCaEven Trump Haters like (MS)NBC acknowledge you ¡§BUILD A WALL ; CRIME WILL FALL!¡¨ bKIgmHUW5PThe citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly Juan Guaido as the Interim President of Venezuela. WItWPiG9jKBUILD A WALL ; CRIME WILL FALL!BUILD A WALL ; CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now) of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to once and for all put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!Deroy Murdock National Review: ¡§We are now exporting oil which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you¡¦re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.¡¨ TuckerCarlsonCongratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Mariano¡¦s support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and FitnessGov. #EnterSandman #HOF2019?? reU1gKWHSQ...big Crooked Hillary law firm represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard ; gave him Oppo Research for ¡§a Russia probe.¡¨ This meeting now exposed is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. FoxNewsFormer FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump ¡§Dossier¡¨ paid for by the DNC ; Clinton Campaign ; funded through a...The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the ¡§podium¡¨ much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely ; inaccurately in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly ; hence the term Fake News!The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World by far!Last time I went to Davos the Fake News said I should not go there. This year because of the Shutdown I decided not to go and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!Never seen senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis ; Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country Crime will go down by record numbers!Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump¡¦s approval rating among Latinos going to 50% an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you working hard!FBI top lawyer confirms ¡§unusual steps.¡¨ They relied on the Clinton Campaign¡¦s Fake ; Unverified ¡§Dossier¡¨ which is illegal. ¡§That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS and that¡¦s what they did to the President.¡¨ Judge NapolitanoWithout a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!¡§The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.¡¨  foxandfriendsNick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant but can end in a dream!KayaJones: I want to show other celebrities who voted for  it¡¦s ok to come forward. Better yet let¡¦s show the world how¡KLooking like Nick Sandman ; Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good but making big comeback! ¡§New footage shows that media was wrong about teen¡¦s encounter with Native American¡¨ TuckerCarlsonDemocrats are kidding themselves (they don¡¦t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime Drugs Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are ¡§immoral¡¨ why isn¡¦t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked ¡§strangers¡¨ just flow into the U.S.China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal and stop playing around!Today it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with VP Mike Pence in honor of #MLKDay YsDEA3kygd: To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say THANK YOU - YOU ARE GR¡KDemocrats campaigned on working within Washington and ¡§getting things done!¡¨ How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSEToday we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay pEaVpCB8M4Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997 or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S. ¡§you would need a magic wand.¡¨ I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!¡§No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!¡¨ Thank you Bill Bennett SteveHiltonxCurt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! marklevinshowDonaldJTrumpJr: Maybe the left will one day stop trying desperately to destroy my family and especially . Till then the¡KCongratulations to Bob Kraft Bill Belichick Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together after decades of abuse to finally fix the Humanitarian Criminal ; Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!WhiteHouse: The historic results of President Donald J. Trump¡¦s first two years in office: xznAzXbrq3VP: Honored to serve as POTUS Trump¡¦s Vice President these past two years working to deliver historic results for the American people¡KA truly great First Lady who doesn¡¦t get the credit she deserves! Wc9bYtoLKqThanks James! iTdCEEiiRvGOPChairwoman: So many accomplishments from  and his administration over the past two years!GL1QplJhoIBudgetGOP: TODAY - SenatorEnzi Welcomed new BudgetGOP members SenatorBraun SenRickScott and SenKevinCramer yL31HsHXm¡KWill do a fantastic job! YkcenJhzsKSenJohnHoeven: The president outlined a compromise proposal to strengthen border security ; end the partial government shutdown. Read m¡KJerryMoran: This proposal which incorporates provisions similar to legislation I introduced earlier this month with SenRobPortman in¡KSenatorLankford: The President offered a reasonable compromise today to reopen the remainder of the government and I look forward to c¡KJimInhofe: It is true and I'm glad to stand with you on this . The Democrats need to come to the table so we can secure¡KRepMarkMeadows: This is the latest and most significant step yet of POTUS showing his willingness to negotiate and compromise with Demo¡KSenJohnThune: My statement on POTUS¡¦s proposal to end the shutdown: VCO1vwzaC3marcorubio: POTUS offers to support 2 bills sponsored by Dems (TPS ; DACA extensions)in exchange for Border Security (something Democr¡KSenThomTillis: My statement on the President¡¦s proposal to end the partial government #shutdown through a compromise on border security¡Ksenrobportman: .POTUS has laid out a constructive new proposal that contains the basis for a bipartisan agreement. It includes many of¡KVP: Today POTUS proposed a common sense plan to secure our border reopen our government and KEEP AMERICANS SAFE. Now it¡¦s time for C¡KLindseyGrahamSC: A fantastic proposal Mr.  President! Let's get it done! m8bzYGRLTwSenatorWicker: I support President 's plan. I will absolutely vote for this proposal when senatemajldr brings up the b¡Ksendavidperdue: President Trump again spoke directly to the American people about the national security crisis at our southern border.¡Kmarklevinshow: I strongly support President Trump¡¦s immigration proposal today.  Pelosi ; Schumer rejected it even before the president¡KGOPLeader: President Trump has put forward a serious and reasonable offer to reform parts of our broken immigration system and reopen g¡KGOP: ¡§I commend the President for his leadership in proposing this bold solution to reopen the government secure the border and take¡KGOPChairwoman: Spot on. DnD5JlkdFbcharliekirk11: Breaking:A new NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist poll shows Hispanic-Latino approval of President Donald Trump¡¦s job performance¡KyQkCrpooITThe Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!Thank you David! zsmNfTjEDRDon¡¦t forget we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building after all is what I do best even when money is not readily available!Wow just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19% to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone and they want Security which can only be gotten with a Wall.Nancy I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown security is no problem) and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract I¡¦ll get back to you soon!Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally ; has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the ¡§lefties¡¨ in her party that she has lost control...And by the way clean up the streets in San Francisco they are disgusting!No Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11000000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don¡¦t see crime ; drugs they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country ; allow people to go back to work.Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn¡¦t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!Always heard that as President ¡§it¡¦s all about the economy!¡¨ Well we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP lowest unemployment companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers great new trade deals happening ; more. But LITTLE media mention!bJ81QkOObWI will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M.Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can¡¦t get through our Wall but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up) as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story ; the even more disgraceful coverage!The Economy is one of the best in our history with unemployment at a 50 year low and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - ; all you heard yesterday based on a phony story was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash Impeach Trump!.newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!GeraldoRivera: This is just the most egregious example of the rampant unfairness that has tainted this partisan witch-hunt from the beg¡KGeraldoRivera: At what point in fairness-after 2 years do Americans of good will say enough already? If the #SpecialCounsel had collusi¡KRemember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited ¡§Dossier¡¨ paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research) on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism but a great day for our Country!CarmineZozzora: By the time their fake news campaigns are fully exposed they¡¦ve already moved on to their next fake news campaign.A g¡KChatByCC: The Buzzfeed bombshell bombed. It blew up in their face and the rest of the fake news are casualties too.RyanAFournier: The reporters never saw the evidence. They went off of a source who said it was ¡§credible¡¨. This isn¡¦t journalism. Con¡KwjqVvTqekyLindaSuhler: Dear GodThank you for answering our prayers.A grateful Nation#GodBlessAmerica???? #PresidentTrump #ElectionDay https://¡KGOPChairwoman: The entire premise of this story which received wall-to-wall coverage was based on "evidence" the reporters admitted t¡Kparscale: This is just one of many fake news stories over the last several years. Sad so many journalists have lost their integrity. I¡Kdbongino: Latino Job Approval of Trump SURGES in Midst of Govt Shutdown Over Border Wall Funding HAqstQDGw5dbongino: When are we going to start investigating the REAL collusion scandal? The collusion between the Clinton ; Obama teams and fore¡KSebGorka: "We will b protected by grt men ; women of r military ; law enforcmt ; most importantly we will b protected by God" https://¡Kdbongino: We called it. FAKE NEWS!¡§More Buzzfeed B.S.¡¨ aOIPJJu0vHjohncardillo: I told you all that the BuzzFeed story was nonsense. gbTXPjpVtkJust a son who loves his Dad. Nice! ZI4012Ld7SSchnurreZueri: sethweathers BuzzFeedNews Sadly so many will never get the memo that it was fake!I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border and the Shutdown tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M. live from the WhiteHouse.6xciJ0ubp0AMERICA FIRST!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No ¡§Cave¡¨ on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals ; Drugs now!Kevin Corke FoxNews ¡§Don¡¦t forget Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud and as recently as this week the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....¡¨  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!¡§It¡¦s the Democrats keeping everything closed.¡¨ JimInhofe  So true!Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800000 great people are not getting paid. Also could somebody please explain to Nancy ; her ¡§big donors¡¨ in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!Border rancher: ¡§We¡¦ve found prayer rugs out here. It¡¦s unreal.¡¨  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries some of which would be a big surprise.Gregg Jarrett: ¡§Mueller¡¦s prosecutors knew the ¡§Dossier¡¨ was the product of bias and deception.¡¨ It was a Fake just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt from beginning to end!¡§In 2018 alone 20000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone more than 20000 minors were smuggled into the U.S.¡¨ seanhannityThank you to Amy Kremer Women for Trump Co-Founder for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!: For decades politicians promised to secure the border fix our trade deals bring back our factories get tough on Ch¡K: ....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just a¡KLrihendry:  They are eaten alive by hate for our President ; his voters! They care more about illegal immigrants than¡KSo funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid) over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!Congratulations ClemsonFB! w8viax0OWYWhy is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?TomFitton: We must stand with the rule of law against the coup targeting . wmox2XM7x8 8NY79Hv¡KTomFitton: For the first time in a generation we have a president who is beginning to tell the truth about the crisis on the border. ¡Kpaulsperry_: So...by the FBI's post-Trump standards for C.I. investigations would this off-mike exchange between Obama ; Putin's deput¡Kpaulsperry_: BREAKING: Inspector General Michael Horowitz still does NOT have all of Peter Strzok's and Lisa Page's texts even though¡Kcharliekirk11: GREAT AGAIN:Prior to 2018 unemployment has only been below 4% 5 times since 1970Under Donald Trump in 2018 unempl¡Kcharliekirk11: No one accused Obama of being a Russian agent after he asked for ¡§more flexibility¡¨ until after the the election or whe¡KMZHemingway: NYT Reveals FBI Retaliated Against Trump For Lawfully Firing Comey LwJ7w1ctomDonaldJTrumpJr: Since January 1 neither CNN nor MSNBC has booked a single Angel Mom ¡X mothers of children brutally murdered by illegal¡KDonaldJTrumpJr: Worth the read. I¡¦m A Senior Trump Official And I Hope A Long Shutdown Smokes Out The Resistance 6ahfOl¡KPARISDENNARD: I trust a rancher on the Southern border more than a liberal politician from Northern California mo4oWe1SnIGreat being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid) over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they don¡¦t want Border Security!A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall or Steel Barrier will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin¡¦ James Comey and the so-called ¡§leaders¡¨ of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised I am fighting for YOU!For decades politicians promised to secure the border fix our trade deals bring back our factories get tough on China move the Embassy to Jerusalem make NATO pay their fair share and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. ; Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!DonaldJTrumpJr: ¡¥Angel mom¡¦ demands Trump¡¦s wall ¡¥we¡¦ve become collateral damage¡¦ FoUPO11tmMDonaldJTrumpJr: Silence of the Moms: Media Refuse to Discuss Angel Families AoVIquJge2 via BreitbartNewsWhiteHouse: President Trump Delivers Remarks at the American Farm Bureau Federation's 100th Annual Convention tMWj5zj3K0Getting ready to go on stage at the #AFBF100 in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now! ytZv0HLYunw5X8jqvtiSThe Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me and the tremendous success of this administration have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!¡§Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.¡¨ foxandfriendsGetting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville Tennessee. Love our farmers love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.Nancy and Cryin¡¦ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their and the Democrats fault!I¡¦ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!GOPChairwoman: Smugglers are flooding our communities with drugs.*300 Americans die each week from heroin 90% of it comes from south¡KGOPChairwoman: Economic policies that  and IvankaTrump have championed are producing some fantastic results for Americ¡KGeraldoRivera: Based on the record the allegation/suggestion that the #FBI came close to investigating  as a Russian s¡KGOPChairwoman: Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi are not negotiating in good faith with . Instead Congressional Democra¡KGOPChairwoman: It didn't get the attention it deserved but  recently signed a bill into law that will empower women al¡K¡§Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.¡¨ foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States as we have known it is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. ¡§In the last two years ICE officers made 266000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records including those charged or convicted of 100000 assaults 30000 sex crimes ; 4000 violent killings.¡¨ America¡¦s Southern....Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is to her husband ¡§Thank you for being here. I¡¦m glad you¡¦re here¡¨ It¡¦s their house he¡¦s supposed to be there!If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! D5KWr8EPanIf Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! paf1CvesBaSo sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting I understand is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better ; more responsible hands!....Likewise do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone....Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY SPECIAL PLACE!Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones Texas Department of Public Safety.  FoxNewsThe damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!I¡¦m in the White House waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don¡¦t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side watch!I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9:00 P.M. on FoxNews. Watch JesseBWatters before and greggutfeld after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin¡¦ Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!3IH1yW2eTgWe have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their ¡§vacations¡¨ and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is ¡§chaotic there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan.¡¨ The Fakes always like talking Chaos there is NONE. In fact there¡¦s almost nobody in the W.H. but me and...Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.23% of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240%. In the Great State of Texas between 2011 ; 2018 there were a total of 292000 crimes by illegal aliens 539 murders 32000 assaults 3426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!Lyin¡¦ James Comey Andrew McCabe Peter S and his lover agent Lisa Page ; more all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the ¡§insurance policy?¡¨ This is it!I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time ; as I have often said getting along with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!.....who is being totally protected by his best friend Bob Mueller ; the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton her Campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey¡¦s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop.........Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged ; botched Crooked Hillary investigation where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend not recorded or sworn in and where she said she didn¡¦t know anything (a lie)....Wow just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons opened up an investigation on me for no reason ; with no proof after I fired Lyin¡¦ James Comey a total sleaze!.CNN called a San Diego news station (KUSINews) for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work CNN no longer had interest. #FakeNews IDyXqmDsPqDrug prices declined in 2018 the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!I look forward to hosting right out of the great State of South Carolina the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday January 14th. What a game what a coach what a team!WhiteHouse: This is common sense. Congress must pass a bill that ends the crisis at our border. wD0PPKfpNMWhiteHouse: This afternoon President Trump hosted a roundtable discussion with State local and community leaders who spoke on how t¡KThe Fake News Media keeps saying we haven¡¦t built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high strong and beautiful! Also many miles already renovated and in service! UAAGXl5Byr...The Steel Barrier or Wall should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it our Country cannot be safe. Criminals Gangs Human Traffickers Drugs ; so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats Cryin¡¦ Chuck and Nancy don¡¦t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U.S.I often said during rallies with little variation that ¡§Mexico will pay for the Wall.¡¨ We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!When I took the Oath of Office.... GDhIqteKpvWe lose 300 Americans a week 90% of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!Will be interviewed at the Border by seanhannity on FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!Dear Diary... NAuMaQW6flFrom the Southern Border.... Vgsf5nEZUHSenateGOP: Why do we need border security? This is why. These are the facts. #SecureOurBorder dMpYb3p4WyBecause of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the WEF!President Obama thank you for your great support ¡V I have been saying this all along! L506g9Aq4zMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA¡§Great support for Border Security and the Wall.¡¨ foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! ¡§Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.¡¨ SteveDoocy I won¡¦t!There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party ; the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security but don¡¦t want to give ¡§Trump¡¨ another one of many wins!Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I ¡§slammed the table ; walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.¡¨ Because I knew he would say that and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security I politely said bye-bye and left no slamming!dbongino: New Poll: Vast Majority of Voters Believe There is "Crisis" or "Problem" at U.S. Border bzFimBid26parscale: Just received my newest voter score tracking from my team.  has reached his highest national approval rating¡Kcharliekirk11: Governor Ron DeSantis suspends the horrible Sheriff Scott Israel who is largely responsible for the errors leading up to¡Kcharliekirk11: Did you know:At our Southern Border in 2018:1.7 MILLION pounds of narcotics were seized17000 criminals were arre¡Kcharliekirk11: President Trump is winning this shutdown fightDemocrats have no message and are refusing to open government because t¡Kcharliekirk11: This is why we need a wallIllegal immigration is a serious threat to our country90% of all heroin comes across the b¡KGave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon somewhat of a White House tradition or custom to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media which has gone totally bonkers!The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories purposely the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN if that is possible!Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said NO. I said bye-bye nothing else works!Thank you to all of America's brave police deputies sheriffs and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you. kGL6kPmpDYBillions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that with proper Forest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives ; money!Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that with proper Forrest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives ; money!Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice ; Accountability. Economy ; GDP are strong. Tax ; Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!Ft6FqQmYfICongratulations to a truly great football team the Clemson Tigers on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team and their brilliant coach for the second time at the W.H.Talks with China are going very well!¡§The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome.¡¨ Mark Glyptis United SteelworkersEconomic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still markets up BIG since 2016 Election!Endless Wars especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago ; those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing will eventually come to a glorious end!I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P.M. Eastern.The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....Congressman Adam Smith the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee just stated ¡§Yes there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It¡¦s been done a number of times.¡¨ No doubt but let¡¦s get our deal done in Congress!....The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!...The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration and me look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources ; write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well yet this is a sad day in America!With all of the success that our Country is having including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts the Fake News ; totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger ; less obtrusive. Good solution and made in the U.S.A.Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!: How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time done nothing wrong (no Collusion¡K: As I have stated many times if the Democrats take over the House or Senate there will be disruption to the Financial¡K....The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99% of our illegal Border crossings will end crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!¡§We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected undocumented unchecked...¡¨ Barrack Obama 2005. I voted when I was a Senator to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...¡¨ Hillary Clinton 2015.iSFAokoIP7Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with WhiteHouse senior staff.AP-NORC POLL: ¡§Immigration among the top concerns in 2019.¡¨ People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!¡§The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents or 3.2%. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High.¡¨ CNS NEWS.  And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!¡§Jobs up big plus 312000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years (Previous administration said this could not happen). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 (for day).¡¨ DRUDGE_REPORTV.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer or to our Country!¡§Former NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ¡¥unmistakably anti-Trump¡¦ bias.¡¨Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News Enemy of the People and Opposition Party!Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by CNN a proud member of the Opposition Party. TSA is doing a great job!The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid but they don¡¦t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!We are working hard at the Border but we need a WALL!  In 2018 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized 17000 adults arrested with criminal records and 6000 gang members including MS-13 apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.I don¡¦t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go where are the Dems?Many people currently a part of my opposition including President Obama ; the Dems have had campaign violations in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine ; settled. While no big deal I did not commit a campaign violation!The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall) something which everyone other than drug dealers human traffickers and criminals want very badly! This would be so easy to do!Great support coming from all sides for Border Security (including Wall) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events including Fake sources has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)!Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress ¡§Choosing the Extraordinary Life.¡¨ Get it and enjoy!  LouDobbsThe story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I¡¦m sure he is a fine man but I don¡¦t know Jim and never met him. Patrick Shanahan who is Acting Secretary of Defense is doing a great job!¡§Job growth surges by 312000 in December¡¨ FCSwxFZjUFGREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia it was the Dems that Colluded) had the most successful first two years of any president and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?As I have stated many times if the Democrats take over the House or Senate there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can¡¦t win in 2020 too much success!....President Trump deserves a lot of credit but again you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.¡¨Michael Pillsbury interviewed by cvpayne: ¡§They have the motive of making the President look bad ¡V instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on it¡¦s 20 years overdue....jsOrDtwdEaThe RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA????JzfXMAPwKPThe United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can¡¦t win based on all of the achievements of ¡§Trump¡¨ so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them strictly politics!¡§MAGA list: 205 ¡¥historic results¡¦ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election¡¨ vtqnUwdhjBSadly there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders supports the agents and officers on the ground and keeps America Safe. Let¡¦s get it done!Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people ¡V this is the first and most important duty of government...Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!Here we go with Mitt Romney but so fast! Question will be is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big and he didn¡¦t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player ; WIN!For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country but can¡¦t because Dems are blocking them some for two years-historic record. Passed committees but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!Do you think it¡¦s just luck that gas prices are so low and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!¡§Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons or give them to others - ; he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.¡¨ PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!Washington Examiner - ¡§MAGA list: 205 ¡¥historic results¡¦ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.¡¨  True!Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!Border Security and the Wall ¡§thing¡¨ and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let¡¦s make a deal?Congratulations to President JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!¡§General¡¨ McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big dumb mouth. Hillary lover! RzOkeHl3KV: ....Senator Schumer more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been¡K: Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassado¡KGOPChairwoman: . made sure the men and women of the Coast Guard continue to get paid during the #SchumerShutdown. Mea¡KGOPChairwoman: Jobless claims fell last week to a 49-year low. Yet another sign that ¡¦s economic policies are working a¡KThe Democrats much as I suspected have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!Happy New Year!HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!Dr. Sebastian Gorka a very good and talented guy has a great new book just out ¡§Why We Fight.¡¨ Lots of insight - Enjoy!WhiteHouse: 2018 has been a year of historic accomplishments! 6Iq5CFVdwY...Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!The Democrats will probably submit a Bill being cute as always which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security namely the Wall. You see without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech ¡§stuff¡¨ is just by comparison meaningless bells ; whistles...MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal the USMCA that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico ; Canada will also thrive - good for all!HAPPY NEW YEAR! bHoPDPQ7G6Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassadors!? Likewise in Government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from........Senator Schumer more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!
